RFA-TW-16-003,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the issuing ic and partner components intend to commit an estimated total of $2.0 million in fy 2017 for 6-8 awards. award budget application budgets are limited to direct costs of up to $250,000 per year. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DK-18-504,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed renewal of applications from rfa-dk-12-014 the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards niddk has set aside $4,600,000 for the curegn network renewal in fy2019. of this set aside, niddk intends to commit up to $1,600,000 in fy 2019 to fund a single dcc. the award is contingent upon nih annual appropriations and the submission of a sufficiently meritorious application. award budget budget should not exceed $1,000,000 in direct costs for the first year. the application budget should accurately reflect the needs for the dcc. award project period the total project period for an application submitted in response to this funding opportunity may not exceed five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-AG-10-002,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity will use the p50 award mechanism(s). the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses non-modular budget formats described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). 2. funds available new applications should request a project period of five years and a budget for direct costs of up to $1 million per year. competing renewal applications may request direct costs for all cores (both required and optional), and the other listed functions, i.e., projects, satellites, and pilot grants at a level not exceeding the combined direct costs of all funded activities awarded during the final year of the present funding period plus a 3% increase, or $1 million per year, whichever is larger. the estimated amount of funds available for support of 9-11 projects awarded as a result of this announcement is $ 20.3 million for fiscal year 20 10 . future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of nia provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation, see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. section
RFA-GM-08-005,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity announcement (foa) will use the nih research project grant ( r01) award mechanism. the applicant will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ). specifically, if you are a u.s. organization and are submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs), use the phs398 modular budget component provided in the sf424 (r&r) application package and sf424 (r&r) application guide (see specifically section 5.4, modular budget component, of the application guide). u.s. applicants requesting more than $250,000 in annual direct costs must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component found in the application package for this foa. see not-od-06-096 , august 23, 2006. 2. funds available because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the institutes and centers (ics) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. the nigms intends to commit approximately $2.4 million dollars (total direct costs) in fiscal year 2008 to fund 6-8 applications . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. f &a costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 , november 2, 2004. section
RFA-AA-08-013,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity announcement (foa) will use the nih research project grant ( r01) award mechanism. the applicant will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ). specifically, if you are a u.s. organization and are submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs), use the phs398 modular budget component provided in the sf424 (r&r) application package and sf424 (r&r) application guide (see specifically section 5.4, modular budget component, of the application guide). u.s. applicants requesting more than $250,000 in annual direct costs and all foreign applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component found in the application package for this foa. see not-od-06-096 , august 23, 2006. competing renewal (formerly competing continuation ) and resubmission applications will not be accepted under this foa. at this time, it is not known if this foa will be reissued. 2. funds available because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the institutes and centers (ics) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. the participating organization n ational institute on alcohol abuse and alcohlism intends to commit approximately $2 million dollars in fiscal year 2008 to fund 6-8 applications. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. f &a costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 , november 2, 2004.
RFA-AI-10-009,ii.a.3, collaborative responsibilities , for information on the responsibilities of the panel. note : potential members for the scientific advisory panel must not be named in the application and should not be approached regarding possible service, prior to an award being made. applications proposing specific members of the scientific advisory panel will be considered non-responsive and will not be reviewed. intellectual property: in light of the collaborative nature of this funding initiative, applicants are encouraged to reach consensus with any proposed partners, prior to application submission, regarding intellectual property, data sharing, and other legal matters that may arise during the project in order to ensure that the goals of this program will be met. in addition, applicants are expected to exercise their bayh-dole rights in a manner that is consistent with meeting the goals of the award and the intent of the bayh-dole act to promote the utilization, commercialization and availability of the u.s. government-funded inventions for public benefit finally, applicants are expected to make new information and materials known to the research community in a timely manner through publications, web announcements, and reports to the niaid or other mechanisms [ see section vi.2a.1, principal investigator (pi) rights and responsibilities , for other content related to intellectual property; see sections iv.6, other submission information ,
RFA-HD-22-020,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s). need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. nichd intends to commit $2,000,000 in fy 2022 to fund 1-8 awards. award budget application budgets are limited to $499,999 in direct costs per year (exclusive of subcontracts f&a) and need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-HL-05-019,section ii. award information 1. mechanism(s) of support this funding opportunity will use the nih investigator-initiated research project grant (r01) and the exploratory/development research grant (r21) award mechanisms . the total requested project period for an application submitted in response to this rfa may not exceed four years for the r01 mechanism and two years for the r21 mechanism. this rfa is a one-time solicitation. the r21 mechanism is intended to encourage new exploratory/developmental research projects by providing support for the early stages of their development. awards are made to demonstrate feasibility of a subsequent project and to obtain preliminary data testing innovative ideas. therefore, these grants are not renewable. continuation of projects developed under this program will be through the regular research project grant mechanism (for example, r01). these grants are not intended to support or supplement ongoing funded research of an established investigator, or to serve as an alternative mechanism of support for projects not receiving funding as competitive continuation applications. the r01 award represents an investigator-initiated research grant designed to support a discrete, specified research project performed by a principal investigator. as an applicant, you will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this funding opportunity uses just-in-time concepts. it also uses the modular budget format described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ). 2. funds available the national heart, lung, and blood institute (nhlbi), the national institute of neurological diseases and stroke (ninds), the national institute of diabetes and digestive and kidney diseases (niddk), the national institute of arthritis and musculoskeletal and skin diseases (niams), the national institute of general medical sciences (nigms), and the national institute of dental and cranofacial research (nidcr) intend to commit approximately $5.6 million dollars in fy 2006 to fund 13-17 new grants in response to this rfa. the nhlbi intends to commit approximately $1.5 million in fy 2006 for this announcement to support 4-5 meritorious applications. the ninds intends to commit approximately $1.5 million in fy 2006 for this announcement to support 4-5 meritorious applications. the niaid intends to commit approximately $1.0 million in fy 2006 for this announcement to support 2-3 meritorious applications. the niddk intends to commit approximately $0.4 million in fy 2006 for this announcement to support one meritorious application. the niams intends to commit approximately $0.4 million in fy 2006 for this announcement to support one meritorious application. the nigms intends to commit approximately $0.4 million in fy 2006 for this announcement to support one meritorious application. the nidcr intends to commit approximately $0.4 million in fy 2006 for this announcement to support one meritorious application. an applicant may request a project period of up to two years for the r21 mechanism and up to four years for the r01 mechanism. in the case of r21 awards, the combined budget for direct costs for the two-year project period may not exceed $275,000. for example, you may request $100,000 in the first year and $175,000 in the second year to meet the needs of your project. normally, no more than $200,000 may be requested in any single year. in the case of r01 applications, direct costs may not exceed $250,000 per year. the anticipated start date of new awards is september 30, 2006. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the nhlbi, ninds, niddk, niams, nigms, nidcr, and niaid provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation, see not-od-05-004 .
RFA-NS-18-004,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nih blueprint for neuroscience research intends to fund up to 20 awards, corresponding to a total of $ 6 million, for fiscal year 2018, for this and the related foa (rfa-ns-18-003) "innovative approaches or technologies to investigate regional, structural and functional heterogeneity of cns small blood and lymphatic vessels". future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations award budget application budgets are limited to $499,000 direct costs/year and need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-CA-11-009,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. in the cooperative agreement mechanism, the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) retains the primary responsibility and dominant role for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project, with nih staff being substantially involved as a partner with the pd/pi, as described under the section vi. 2. administrative requirements , "cooperative agreement terms and conditions of award". application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nci intends to commit $3.5 million in fy 2012 to fund six to seven awards. award budget application budgets are limited to $350,000 in direct costs for any single year. award project period the maximum period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HG-08-009,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this foa will use the nih exploratory/developmental (r21) award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts (see sf424 (r&r) application guide ) . it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ) . specifically, a u.s. organization submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs) must use the phs398 modular budget component. u.s. applicants requesting more than $250,000 in annual direct costs and all foreign applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component. 2. funds available nhgri, intends to commit approximately $2 million total costs in fiscal year 2009 to fund 2-7 applications. an applicant may request a project period of up to 3 years and a budget for direct costs up to $200,000 per year because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DK-19-014,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards niddk intends to commit $1,600,000 in fy 2020 to fund two awards. award budget applications budgets are limited to $500,000 direct costs per year. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-HD-09-009,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this foa will use the research project grant (r01) award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts (see sf424 (r&r) application guide ) . it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ) . specifically, a u.s. organization submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs) must use the phs398 modular budget component. u.s. applicants requesting more than $250,000 in annual direct costs and all foreign applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component. 2. funds available the eunice kennedy shriver national institute of child health and human development intends to commit approximately $1,500,000 and the national institute for occupational safety and health intends to commit $500,000 in total costs in fiscal year 2010 to fund up to five new applications. direct costs may not exceed $500,000 per year for individual awards. the niehs, while not providing specific funds to this foa, will consider funding meritorious applications within its mission. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-ES-16-004,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new resubmission the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? clinical trials not allowed for due dates on or after january 25, 2018: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards niehs intends to fund an estimate of 5-6 awards, corresponding to a total of $2.5 million per year for fiscal years 2017, 2018 and 2019. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget application budgets are limited to $250,000 direct costs and need must reflect the actual costs of the proposed project. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-MD-11-001,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this foa will use the nih research project grant (r01) award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts (see sf424 (r&r) application guide ) . it also uses the modular budget format (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ) . specifically, a u.s. organization submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs) must use the phs398 modular budget component. 2. funds available the total funds available in fy 2011 to support applications submitted in response to this foa are approximately $3.8 million including grantees and consortium participants associated facilities and administrative (f&a) costs. the requested amount for individual awards may not exceed $250,000 direct costs per year for up to five years. it anticipated that 10 or more awards would be made in fy 2011. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AG-13-019,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. the nia intends to commit approximately $10 million (total costs) in fy 2013 to fund 4-6 new and/or renewal grants in response to this foa. award budget new applications should request a project period of five years and a budget for direct costs of up to $1 million per year. renewal applications may request direct costs for all cores (both required and optional), and the other listed functions, i.e., projects, satellites, and pilot grants at a level not exceeding the combined direct costs of all funded activities awarded during the final year of the present funding period plus a 3% increase, or $1 million per year, whichever is larger. award project period 5 years nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HL-21-008,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nhlbi intends to fund one award, corresponding to total costs of up to $999,000 in fiscal year 2021. award budget application budgets must not exceed direct costs of up to $925,000 pear year for fiscal year 2021 through fiscal year 2025. the total budget should reflect the actual needs of the overall proposed project. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-RR-08-007,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity will use the p20 award mechanism(s). the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses non-modular budget formats described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). 2. funds available the ncrr intends to commit approximately $18 million dollars in fy 2009 to fund up to nine renewal grants in response to this foa. an applicant must request a project period of five years and a budget for direct costs up to $1.5 million dollars per year. individual research projects and core facilities that are proposed to begin in the first year should have corresponding individual budgets. although the applicant can propose research projects and/or support for core facilities to begin in later years, each year's budget should include costs for only those projects or cores that will be active in that year. funds may be used to recruit additional faculty who complement the scope of the proposed program. recruitment funds are limited to $200,000 per year for each position and may be used to recruit either junior or established senior investigators. these funds may be used for salary, supplies, and/or equipment costs. the pi must communicate plans for the expenditure of funds for recruitment purposes to the ncrr for programmatic review. alteration & renovation of laboratory facilities should not be proposed and will not be supported. when a grant application includes research activities that involve institutions other than the grantee institution, it is considered a consortium effort. such activities may be included in the cobre grant application, but it is imperative that a consortium application be prepared so that the programmatic, fiscal, and administrative considerations are explained fully. in addition, the thematic scientific focus of the cobre must be evident in applications that include consortia arrangements. applicants for cobre grants should exercise great diligence in preserving the interactions of the participants and the integration of the consortium project(s) with those of the parent institution because synergism and cohesiveness can be diminished when projects are located outside of the parent institution. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation, see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. section
RFA-DK-19-501,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed renewal applications only for the award supported under the rfa-dk-13-506. the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards niddk intends to commit $750,000 in fy 2019 to fund one award. award budget application budget is limited to $500,000 direct costs and should reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the maximum project period is two years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-MD-18-007,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials note: appointed trainees are permitted to obtain research experience in a clinical trial led by a mentor or co-mentor. need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. nimhd intends to fund an estimate of 16 awards, corresponding to a total of $4.5 million in fiscal year 2019. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. fogarty international center intends to provide support to co-fund one application in fiscal year 2019. award budget application budgets are limited to $250,000 in annual direct costs. funds may be used only for expenses that are directly related to and necessary for the research training and must be expended in conformance with omb cost principles, the nih grants policy statement , and the regulations, policies, guidelines and conditions set forth in this document. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. other award budget information stipends, tuition, and fees personnel costs and participant costs trainee stipends: trainees (but not employees) may be paid a monthly stipend to help defray living expenses during the research training experience based on ruth l. kirschstein national research service award (nrsa) stipend levels according to their academic professional level experience. trainees are not viewed as employees of either the federal government or the awardee institution. grant funds may not be requested or expended for compensation for employment or for the performance of personal services by individuals receiving training and instruction. the current nrsa stipend levels are described in not-od-18-175 post-baccalaureate trainees may receive a stipend of $1,548 monthly. u.s. faculty mentors: applicants may request salary support for up to 3 person months annually for a u.s. faculty mentor at a foreign country training site where adequate foreign faculty mentorship is not available to the trainees. u.s. faculty salary support equivalent to u.s. institutional salary may be requested only if no institutional or federal salary support is available during the research training period as documented by the applicant institution administrative official, and such practice is consistent with institutional policy. applicants can request support for a maximum of two u.s. faculty mentors for up to 3 person months in two countries annually (including the u.s.) combined. the 3 person months of salary support may be used for multiple faculty mentors if a single mentor is not able to remain in the site for the duration of the training program. foreign faculty mentors, if applicable: foreign mentors may request funds up to $500 annually for use in research support activities related to hosting the trainee. this amount may be offered to only mentors from foreign institutions that do not charge student bench fees or tuition. support for foreign faculty may not be requested if support is requested for a u.s. faculty mentor for the research training period at that foreign country site. tuition and fees: funds for tuition and fees associated with the research experience may be requested up to a maximum level of $2000 per trainee annually, regardless of academic professional level. tuition at the u.s. institution or bench fees at a foreign institution during a research training period will be allowed only if such charges are required of all persons in similar training status at the applicant or host institution. tuition for specific coursework related to the project, such as language courses at the u.s. or foreign institution can be supported. the program may provide funds to cover fees for visas required for trainee participation at foreign sites in the program. all expenses in this category of tuition and fees should be itemized and justified for each site. trainee travel airfare and local ground transportation to each foreign site, if applicable, may be requested for trainees and u.s. faculty mentors. foreign site housing and living expenses (included within per diem costs) of up to $2400 per month may be requested for trainees and u.s. faculty mentors (when appropriate and supported by applicant's program plan). trainees from other institutions may be supported for travel and per diem expenses to attend orientation and responsible conduct of research training as well as post-travel activities associated with the mhrt program at the pd/pi's institution or at a collaborating site designated by the pd/pi. trainee travel to attend scientific meetings and workshops that the institution determines to be necessary for the individual's research training experience is an allowable trainee expense for predoctoral and postdoctoral trainees. training related expenses other program related expenses training related expenses: funds to help defray research training expenses, such as equipment, research training supplies, computer access, interpreters and faculty/staff travel directly related to the research training program are allowable expenses up to a maximum level of $1000 per month per trainee and may be included in the proposed budget. these expenses must be justified as specifically required by the proposed program and must not duplicate items generally available at the applicant institution. additional funds may be requested to cover other expenses directly related to the mhrt program activities, including program and cultural orientation and health insurance. each cost must be itemized in the budget justification section. the applicant must ensure that all trainees have comprehensive medical and international travel insurance for the duration of the trainees' international research experiences. if institutional or personal medical insurance does not adequately cover trainees during foreign travel, self-only medical insurance may be charged to the grant only if such practice is consistent with institutional policy. program administration: the applicant institution may request up to $50,000 (cumulatively annually) in salary support for the pd/pis annually, other administrative personnel and other administrative costs related to the mhrt program. u.s. faculty mentors from other institutions may be supported for travel and per diem expenses to attend training advisory committee meetings. travel and per diem expenses may be requested for short-term visits (less than 1 month stay) of foreign faculty mentors to the u.s. applicant institution to participate in mhrt program associated student training activities and/or training advisory committee meetings. indirect costs indirect costs (also known as facilities & administrative [f&a] costs) are reimbursed at 8% of modified total direct costs (exclusive of tuition and fees, consortium costs in excess of $25,000, and expenditures for equipment), rather than on the basis of a negotiated rate agreement. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-DK-11-026,ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations, and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. niddk intends to fund an estimate of 4 awards, corresponding to a total of $1,250,000, for fiscal year 2012. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget application budgets are not limited, but need to reflect actual needs of the proposed project. the expected award for each rs and dcc will be up to $250,000 in direct costs. award project period the maximum proposed project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DK-10-502,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity will use the nih cooperative agreement (u01) award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses non-modular budget formats described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). this funding opportunity will use a cooperative agreement award mechanism. in the cooperative agreement mechanism, the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) retains the primary responsibility and dominant role for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project, with nih staff being substantially involved as a partner with the principal investigator, as described under the section vi. 2. administrative requirements , "cooperative agreement terms and conditions of award". 2. funds available the niddk intends to commit approximately $4.0 million dollars in 2011 to fund six participating clinical centers and one data coordinating center (dcc) in response to this limited competition. an applicant may request up to $300,000 direct costs per year. an applicant with a subcontract for a patient recruitment site may request over $300,000 in direct costs, however, for costs that are commensurate with the number of gastroparetic patients recruited at the subcontracted site. applicants may request up to five years of funding. although the financial plans of the niddk provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this limited competition are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation, see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. section
RFA-MH-20-200,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nih intends to fund an estimate of 4-6 awards, corresponding to a total of $2,000,000 for fiscal year 2020 to fund this foa and the companion foas. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget direct costs are limited to $5?0?0?,?0?0?0 in any single year. award project period the total project period for an application submitted in response to this funding opportunity may not exceed five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-AG-09-008,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity will use the research and development center (p30) award mechanism(s). the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses non-modular budget formats described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). 2. funds available the estimated amount of funds available for support of 8-12 projects awarded as a result of this announcement is $3.0 million direct costs (estimated at $3.6 million total costs) for fiscal year 20 09 . an applicant may request a project period of up to 5 years. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. nia expects to fund centers of different sizes. $300,000 is the maximum allowable direct cost that may be requested in year one. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation, see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. section
RFA-DK-19-006,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trial(s). need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards niddk intends to commit $550,000 in fy 2020 to fund 4 awards. award budget direct costs up to $130,000 per year may be requested. award project period project durations of up to five years may be requested. other award budget information personnel costs individuals designing, directing, and implementing the research education program may request salary and fringe benefits appropriate for the person months devoted to the program. salaries requested may not exceed the levels commensurate with the institution's policy for similar positions and may not exceed the congressionally mandated cap. (if mentoring interactions and other activities with participants are considered a regular part of an individual's academic duties, then any costs associated with the mentoring and other interactions with participants are not allowable costs from grant funds). participant costs participant costs, with the exception of travel to scientific meetings, are allowed only during summer months. participants may be paid if specifically required for the proposed research education program and sufficiently justified. participant costs must be itemized in the proposed budget. allowable participant costs depend on the educational level/career status of the individuals to be selected to participate in the program. for this particular program, $6,000 per student for up to 12 weeks of a summer component of the research education program is allowable. while generally not an allowable cost, with strong justification, participants in the research education program may receive per diem unless such costs are furnished as part of the registration fee. participants may also receive funds to defray partial tuition and other education-related expenses. applicants should budget for participants to travel to a relevant national scientific meeting. these funds should not exceed $1,500 per participant. expenses for foreign travel must be exceptionally well justified. individuals supported by nih training and career development mechanisms (k, t, or f awards) may receive, and indeed are encouraged to receive, educational experiences supported by an r25 program, as participants, but may not receive salary or stipend supplementation from a research education program. because the r25 program is not intended as a substitute for an nrsa institutional training program (e.g.,t32), costs to support full-time participants (supported for 40 hours/week for a continuous, 12-month period) are not allowable. other program-related expenses consultant costs, equipment, supplies, travel for key persons, and other program-related expenses may be included in the proposed budget. these expenses must be justified as specifically required by the proposed program and must not duplicate items generally available at the applicant institution. the budgets for applications to this foa can include support for, but are not limited to, the following items: purchase of necessary supplies or parts for kidney technology development projects hiring of machine shop or prototyping services support for guest lecturers from academia or industry with direct experience in technology development, commercialization, or entrepreneurship? indirect costs indirect costs (also known as facilities & administrative [f&a] costs) are reimbursed at 8% of modified total direct costs (exclusive of tuition and fees and expenditures for equipment), rather than on the basis of a negotiated rate agreement. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-HD-08-025,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity will use the u10 award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses non-modular budget formats described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). this funding opportunity will use a cooperative agreement award mechanism. in the cooperative agreement mechanism, the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) retains the primary responsibility and dominant role for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project, with nih staff being substantially involved as a partner with the principal investigator, as described under the section vi. 2. administrative requirements , "cooperative agreement terms and conditions of award". at the present time, it is not known whether this foa will be re-issued. the nichd expects that ongoing studies will continue at the existing cpccrn sites. new protocols may be implemented before the start of continuation. centers that join the network for the first time in the next award period (beginning december 1, 2009) will participate in protocols ongoing at that time. the nichd intends to enable the network to initiate new protocols within the first year of the next award period. the topics of these studies will be decided cooperatively by the cpccrn steering committee (described below) with advice from the advisory board and nichd. 2. funds available the nichd intends to commit approximately $2.5 million in fy 2010 to fund up to six to eight new and/or competing continuation awards in response to this foa for clinical sites, in addition to 1 new or competing continuation award for the dcc, competed separately (rfa-hd-08-027). an applicant for a clinical site may request a project period of 5 years and a budget for direct costs associated with base costs up to $185,000 per year. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. cpccrn patient and protocol costs, and support for the support of required monitoring, data safety monitoring boards and advisory board meetings are administered through the dcc that supports the network. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. section
RFA-HD-14-018,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the phs 398 application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nichd intends to commit $3.3 million in fy 2014 to fund one award. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. although the financial plans of the ic provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds. award budget application budgets are not limited, but need to reflect actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the maximum period of support is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-CA-19-014,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nci intends to commit $3,400,000 in total costs in fy 2019 to fund two to four awards. the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. award budget application budgets are limited to $500,000 in direct costs per year. award project period the total project period request may not exceed 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-HL-15-024,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. nhlbi intends to commit $2,000,000 in fy 2015 to fund up to 5 awards. contingent upon nih appropriations, nhlbi intends to commit $2,000,000 in fy2016 and $2,000,000 in fy2017 for a total of $6,000,000. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. application budgets are not expected to exceed $250,000 direct costs per year, excluding f&a costs associated with consortia. award project period the scope of the proposed research should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 3 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AI-15-029,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the following nih components intend to commit the following amounts in fy 2016 to fund 3-4 awards: niaid, $19.5 million nida, $1.5 million nimh, 1.0 million ninds, $0.75 million award budget application budgets are limited to $3.5 million direct costs per year, and should reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the total project period may not exceed 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-MH-20-205,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new resubmission from rfa-mh-19-150 the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nimh intends to commit $4.5 million in fy 2020 to fund up to three awards. award budget direct costs are limited to $1 million in any one year. award project period the maximum project period is 4 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-AI-16-038,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards issuing ic and partner components intend to commit an estimated total of $4.3m to fund 5-7 awards. award budget application budgets are limited to $500,000 in direct costs per year. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum period of the combined r61 and r33 phases is 5 years, with up to 3 years for the r61 phase and up to 2 years for the r33 phase. applications with a project period less than 5 years are encouraged where feasible. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DK-21-023,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed renewal new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trial(s). need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards niddk intends to commit up to $2,500,000 in fy 2022 to fund 8 awards. for the high school program, five coordinating centers will be awarded to coordinate recruitment across the united states and us territories. the five coordinating centers will be distributed geographically and responsible for recruitment in their region. the different areas for recruitment and operations overlap closely with the department of health & human services regions below: region a - district of columbia, maine, new hampshire, vermont, massachusetts, rhode island, connecticut, new york, new jersey, pennsylvania, maryland, delaware, virginia, west virginia, ohio, indiana, illinois, michigan, wisconsin, and minnesota region b - kentucky, north carolina, south carolina, georgia, florida, mississippi, alabama, tennessee, arkansas, louisiana, oklahoma, texas, new mexico, puerto rico, and us virgin islands region c - north dakota, south dakota, montana, wyoming, utah, colorado, iowa, nebraska, kansas, and missouri region d - alaska, washington, idaho, oregon, california, nevada, arizona region e - hawaii and pacific island and territories for the undergraduate program, three centers will be funded to coordinate nationally the recruitment of students from all us states and territories. award budget for the high school program the direct cost for each of the coordinating centers cannot exceed $220,000 per year for programs focused on recruiting in the contiguous united states, puerto rico, alaska and the u.s. virgin islands; and cannot exceed $270,000 per year for the program focused on recruiting students from region e including hawaii and territories in the pacific islands. for the undergraduate program, the direct costs for each coordinating center cannot exceed $360,000 per year. the proposed budgets must reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the total project period for an application submitted in response to this funding opportunity announcement may not exceed 5 years. other award budget information personnel costs individuals designing, directing, and implementing the research education program may request salary and fringe benefits appropriate for the person months devoted to the program. salaries requested may not exceed the levels commensurate with the institution's policy for similar positions and may not exceed the congressionally mandated cap. (if mentoring interactions and other activities with participants are considered a regular part of an individual's academic duties, then any costs associated with the mentoring and other interactions with participants are not allowable costs from grant funds). participant costs participants may be compensated for participation in activities specifically required by the proposed research education program, if sufficiently justified. participant costs must be itemized in the proposed budget. allowable participant costs depend on the educational level/career status of the individuals to be selected to participate in the program. while generally not an allowable cost, with strong justification, participants in the research education program may receive per diem unless such costs are furnished as part of the registration fee. participants may also receive funds to defray partial tuition and other education-related expenses. expenses for foreign travel must be exceptionally well justified. individuals supported by nih training and career development mechanisms (k, t, or f awards) may receive, and indeed are encouraged to receive, educational experiences supported by an r25 program, as participants, but may not receive salary or stipend supplementation from a research education program. because the r25 program is not intended as a substitute for an nrsa institutional training program (e.g.,t32), costs to support full-time participants (supported for 40 hours/week for a continuous, 12-month period) are not allowable. other program-related expenses consultant costs, equipment, supplies, travel for key persons, and other program-related expenses may be included in the proposed budget. these expenses must be justified as specifically required by the proposed program and must not duplicate items generally available at the applicant institution. applicants may budget for participant travel to research locations and the end-of-summer research symposium that takes place on the campus of nih, as well as budget for pd/pi travel cost for both the end-of-summer symposium as well as annual pd/pi meeting to discuss program progress and review. additionally, step-up cc for the high school program may budget funds for travel and stipend for chaperones to assist in the end-of-summer research symposium. indirect costs indirect costs (also known as facilities & administrative [f&a] costs) are reimbursed at 8% of modified total direct costs (exclusive of tuition and fees, expenditures for equipment and consortium costs in excess of $25,000), rather than on the basis of a negotiated rate agreement. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-MH-16-160,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards issuing ic and partner components intend to commit an estimated total of $4,000,000 to fund 1 award. award budget application budgets are limited to $2,700,000 direct costs over all years of the award. award project period the maximum project period is four years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-RM-20-013,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nih intends to commit approximately $8 million in fy 2021 and make approximately 7 awards, depending on the size and scope of the most meritorious awards. the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. award budget application budgets are not limited but must be commensurate with the scope of the proposed research. award project period the maximum project period is five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-AG-15-007,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new resubmissions are limited to applications submitted to previous issuances of this foa. the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the nia intends to commit $1.7 million in fy 2015 to fund approximately 15 awards. award budget application budgets are limited to $75,000 in direct costs per year. award project period the project period is limited to 2 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-CA-15-013,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new resubmission (but only of applications originally submitted in response to this foa) the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the nci intends to fund an estimate of 18-20 r21 awards, corresponding to a total of $4 million, for fiscal year 2016 and $4 million, for fiscal year 2017. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget the combined budget for direct costs for the two year project period may not exceed $275,000. no more than $200,000 may be requested in any single year. application budgets must reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the total project period may not exceed 2 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AI-10-011,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this foa will use the r21/r33 award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. transition of the r21 to the r33 phase will be expedited and is dependent on the completion of negotiated milestones. milestones will be evaluated in the peer review process and negotiated with niaid program staff prior to award of the r21 phase. once milestones are achieved, advancement to the r33 phase will be considered. the sop for the r21/r33 mechanism can be found at: http://www.niaid.nih.gov/ncn/sop/r21r33.htm . although applicants are solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project, the transition from the r21 feasibility phase, and eligibility for award of the r33 development phase, will be determined by niaid program staff and based on successful completion of negotiated scientific milestones, program priorities, and availability of funds. the r21 phase provides up to two years of funding for innovative hypothesis-driven projects supported by limited or no preliminary data to allow investigators to demonstrate feasibility of the proposed microbicide-related innovation or technology. applicant-proposed milestones, acceptable to both program and the applicant will be used to measure progress. although preliminary data are not required, applicants are urged to supply preliminary data when possible, and in lieu of preliminary supporting data are urged to provide sufficient information to allow assessment of the proposed hypothesis or concept. the r33 award provides a second phase for the support of the innovative exploratory research initiated under the r21 mechanism for a period of up to three years, for a total period of support of five years. under this foa applicants may only submit for the combined r21/r33 (phased innovation award). applications for r21 or r33 support alone are not accepted under this foa and will not be reviewed. investigators seeking support solely through the r21 mechanism are encouraged to apply for the nih-wide r21 exploratory/developmental research grant program (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/guide/pa-files/pa-09-164.html ) http://grants2.nih.gov/grants/guide/pa-files/pa-06-181.html , or other announcements). this foa uses just-in-time information concepts (see sf424 (r&r) application guide ) . it also uses the non-modular budget format u.s. applicants requesting more than $250,000 in annual direct costs and all foreign applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component. 2. funds available the nih intends to commit approximately $2.5m in fy 2011 to make 7 to 10 awards. funding will be based on scientific and technical merit, program priorities, and availability of funds. funding for the total project period for an application submitted in response to this foa cannot exceed five years. support for the r21 feasibility phase cannot exceed two years and is limited to $275,000 direct costs over the two year award period with no more than $200,000 in direct costs allowed in any single year. budgetary support for the r33 phase is limited to $300,000 per annum in direct costs and cannot exceed three years. the nih funding components anticipate that a maximum of fifty percent (50%) of the funded r21 applications will progress to the r33 phase. funding of the r33 phase will be based on program priorities, the availability of funds, and successful completion of negotiated scientific milestones within the r21 phase, as determined by niaid staff in the context of peer review recommendations. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DK-16-511,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niddk intends to commit $29,827,617 in fy 2017 to fund one award. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the maximum project period is five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DK-18-011,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards niddk intends to commit $3 million per year in fy 2019 to fund 2-3 awards. award budget application budgets are limited to $750,000 direct costs per year for both the ug3 and uh3 phases. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years, contingent on completion of milestones and research objectives, including a maximum of a 2 year ug3 phase and a maximum of a 3 year uh3 phase. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-DA-22-031,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials. need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards this heal initiative intends to commit $5 million total costs in fy 2022 to fund 8-10 awards in response to this foa and the companion foa. award budget application budgets are limited to $400,000 in direct costs per year and need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-EB-08-003,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity will use the ruth l. kirschstein nrsa institutional research training (t32) award mechanism(s). the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses non-modular budget formats described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). a detailed categorical budget for the "initial budget period" and the "entire proposed period of support" is to be submitted with the application, following the instructions for preparing an nrsa institutional research training (t32) grant application. applicants to this rfa are only required to submit the first five training data tables requested of applicants to the ruth l. kirschstein nrsa institutional research training ( t32) grant mechanism. if applicable, the qualifications of recent and/or current pre-doctoral applicant trainees may either be presented in tables 8a and/or 9a respectively or discussed in narrative form. 2. funds available nibib has set aside $3- 4m to fund between 10-12 interdisciplinary research training programs under this initiative. applicants may not request more than $500,000 in direct costs or more than 10 slots for any grant year. because the nature and scope of the proposed interdisciplinary research training programs will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size of each award will also vary. the number of awards and the actual amount awarded are therefore contingent upon the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications and will depend upon the number, quality, and costs of the applications received. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation, see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. allowable costs: a. stipends: stipends are provided as a subsistence allowance for trainees to help defray living expenses during the research training experience and are based on a 12-month appointment period. this stipend is not provided as a condition of employment with either the federal government or the grantee institution nor is it to be considered a payment for services performed. stipends will be based on the annual pre-doctoral nrsa stipend level at the time of award. the annual stipend level for a pre-doctoral trainee for fiscal year (fy) 2008 is $20,772. stipends may be adjusted only at the time of appointment or reappointment and may not be changed in the middle of an appointment period. for appointments of less than a full year, the stipend will be based on a monthly or daily pro-ration of the annual amount. no departure from the established stipend schedule may be negotiated by the institution with the trainee (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/guide/notice-files/not-od-07-057.html for specific information). b. tuition and fees: the nih will offset the combined costs of tuition and fees at the rate in place at the time of the award. the rate currently provides an amount per predoctoral trainee equal to 60% of the level requested by the applicant institution, up to $16,000 per year. costs associated with this category are allowable only if they are required for specific courses as part of the approved research training program and are applied consistently to all persons in a similar research training status at the institution regardless of the source of support. a full description of the nih tuition policy, see: http://grants1.nih.gov/grants/guide/notice-files/not-od-06-093.html . c. trainee travel: trainee travel to attend scientific meetings and workshops that the institution determines to be necessary for the individuals research training experience is an allowable trainee expense. in addition, the nibib requires that applicants include funds to allow training program director(s) (pds) and two to four trainees to attend the biennial nibib training grantee meeting, held in even-numbered years in the washington dc/bethesda, md area. note that funds for pds should be included under training related expenses (tre) while funds for trainees to attend the meeting should be requested as trainee travel. funds may not be expended to cover the costs of travel between the trainee s place of residence and the training institution, except that the grantee organization may authorize a one-way travel allowance in an individual case of extreme hardship. additionally, support for travel to a research training experience away from the institution may be permitted. research training experiences away from the parent organization must be justified considering the type of opportunities available for training, the manner in which these opportunities differ from, and complement those, offered at the parent institution, and the relationship of the proposed training experience to the trainees career stage and goals. this type of travel and research training requires prior approval from the nibib. letters requesting such training may be submitted to the nibib at any time during the award period. d. training-related expenses: the applicant institution may request the nih standard nrsa training-related expenses ($4,200 annually for each predoctoral trainee in fy 2008) to help defray other research training expenses, such as health insurance, staff salaries, consultant costs, equipment, research supplies, and travel expenses for the training faculty directly related to the research training program (see http://grants1.nih.gov/grants/guide/notice-files/not-od-06-093.html for additional information). funds are provided as a lump sum on the basis of the predetermined amount per predoctoral trainee approved for support. under exceptional circumstances, which can include accommodating the disabilities of a trainee, it is possible to request training-related expenses above the standard level. requests for additional costs must be explained in detail and justified in the application. consultation with nibib staff in advance of such requests is strongly advised. e. facilities and administrative allowance: a facilities and administrative allowance (indirect cost allowance) based on 8% of total modified direct costs (exclusive of tuition and fees, health insurance, and equipment) may be requested. f. stipend supplementation, compensation, and other income: stipend supplementation: the grantee institution is allowed to provide funds to an individual in addition to the stipends paid in the form of stipend supplementation or in the form of compensation. under no circumstances may the conditions of stipend supplementation or the services provided for compensation interfere with, detract from, or prolong the trainee's approved nrsa training program. grantees may supplement stipends from non-federal funds provided the supplementation is without obligation to the trainee. an organization can determine what amount of stipend supplementation, if any, will be provided according to its own formally established policies governing stipend support. these policies must be consistently applied to all individuals in a similar training status regardless of the source of funds. federal funds may not be used for stipend supplementation unless specifically authorized under the terms of the program from which funds are derived. an individual may use federal educational loan funds or va benefits when permitted by those programs. under no circumstances may dhhs funds be used for supplementation. compensation: funds characterized as compensation may be paid to trainees only when there is an employer-employee relationship, the payments are for services rendered, and the situation otherwise meets all of the conditions and policies in the nih grants policy statement. additionally, compensation must be in accordance with organizational policies consistently applied to both federally and non-federally supported activities and must be supported by acceptable accounting records that reflect the employer-employee relationship. an institution may provide additional funds to a trainee in the form of compensation (as salary and/or tuition remission) for services performed outside of the responsibilities of the full-time nrsa-supported training such as teaching or serving as a research assistant. a trainee may receive compensation for services as a research assistant or in some other position on a federal research grant, including a dhhs research grant. however, compensated services should occur on a limited, part-time basis apart from the normal full-time research training activities. in addition, compensation may not be paid from a research grant that supports the same research that is part of the trainees planned training experience as approved in the institutional training grant application. pds must approve all instances of employment on research grants to verify that the circumstances will not detract from or prolong the approved training program. a full description of the nih policy regarding nrsa supplementation and compensation can be found in the nih grants policy statement at http://grants1.nih.gov/grants/policy/nihgps_2003/nihgps_part11.htm . educational loans or g.i. bill : an individual may make use of federal educational loan funds and assistance under the veterans readjustment benefits act (g.i. bill). such funds are not considered supplementation or compensation. section
RFA-NS-19-008,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the nih with its participating institutes, centers, and offices, intend to commit up to $5,000,000 in fy2019 to promote research on music and health via this intended foa as well as the related foas. 9-12 totals awards are anticipated between all three related foas. award budget the r01 award will be limited to $250,000 in direct costs in any given year. award project period the maximum period allowed in five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-CA-20-053,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the nci intends to support up to 10 gdac awards for a total of $10 million (total costs). future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget application budgets are limited to $300,000/year in direct costs, but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-DA-15-013,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the total amount of funds available for the award is $3 million dollars in fiscal year 2015. we anticipate making 4-6 awards award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-CA-20-040,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed resubmission new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the following nih components intend to commit the following amounts in fy 2021: nci intends to fund either three or four awards, corresponding to a total cost of $2 million. nia intends to fund either five or six awards, corresponding to a total cost of $3 million. award budget award budgets are limited to $300,000 per year in direct costs and must reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the maximum project period is up to 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-ES-17-005,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niehs intends to commit $3 million in fy 2018 to fund 6-8 awards. award budget application budgets are limited to $400,000 (direct costs)/year and should reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AT-10-002,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity will use the program project (p01) award mechanism(s). the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses non-modular budget formats described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). 2. funds available the direct cost budget for each cerc is limited to $1.25 million per year for a maximum of five years. applications exceeding this budget limit will be considered non-responsive and returned without review. the estimated amount of funds available for support of up to three cerc projects awarded as a result of this announcement is $3.75 million for fiscal year 2011. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation, see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. section
RFA-CA-20-015,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? required: only accepting applications that propose an independent clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nci intends to commit $2.7 m in fy 2021 to fund up to 16 awards. submitted to this foa or its companion foa (rfa-ca-20-nnn). award budget award budgets are composed of salary and other program-related expenses, as described below. award project period the total project period may not exceed 5 years. other award budget information salary nci will contribute up to $100,000 per year toward the salary of the career award recipient. further guidance on budgeting for career development salaries is provided in the sf424 (r&r) application guide.see also not-od-17-094 intramural: mentored candidates in the nih intramural program will be supported by intramural funds provided by the nih institute/center intramural laboratory in which they are conducting their research. budget details for the mentored phase will be negotiated with the sponsoring intramural laboratory. salary will be consistent with that offered scientists in similar, intramural nih positions. extramural: mentored candidates at an extramural sponsoring institution/organization will be supported by nci extramural funds. the requested salary must be consistent both with the established salary structure at the institution and with salaries actually provided by the institution from its own funds to other staff members with equivalent qualifications, rank, and responsibilities in the department concerned. independent phase (r00) the total cost for the independent phase (r00) may not exceed $249,000 per year. this amount includes salary, fringe benefits, research costs, and applicable indirect costs. indirect costs will be reimbursed at the extramural sponsoring institutions indirect cost rate. indirect costs requested by consortium participants are included in the total cost limitation. the total nih contribution to salary, however, may not exceed the legislatively mandated salary cap. see: http://grants.nih.gov/grants/policy/salcap_summary.htm . other program-related expenses nci will contribute $30,000 per year toward the research development costs of the award recipient, which must be justified and consistent with the stage of development of the candidate and the proportion of time to be spent in research or career development activities. salary for mentors, secretarial and administrative assistants, etc. is not allowed. indirect costs for the extramural k99 phase, indirect costs (also known as facilities & administrative [f&a] costs) are reimbursed at 8% of modified total direct costs. for the r00 phase, indirect costs will be reimbursed at the extramural sponsoring institutions indirect cost rate. nih grant policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-AI-12-060,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the phs 398 application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niaid anticipates awarding up to $5 million in total costs in fy 2014 to fund up to 5 new or renewal grants within the ace basic program. additional funds will be awarded to a single ace institution to support the clinical project fund and an opportunity fund. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget applicants to the ace basic program can request up to $1 million in total costs to support the program, including the principal, pilot, and collaborative projects, administrative core, and the [optional] scientific core. see special budget instructions for each project & core. support for the optional ace funds management core is limited to $250,000 per year in direct costs. award project period scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AG-16-019,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nia intends to fund a single award and has set aside $8 million for fiscal year 2016. additional funds are expected to come from private contributions through the foundation for nih. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations award budget application budget is limited to $12 million in direct costs for the first year. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-RM-08-024,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity will use the nih- specialized center-cooperative agreement (u54) award mechanism(s). the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses non-modular budget formats described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). this funding opportunity will use a cooperative agreement award mechanism. in the cooperative agreement mechanism, the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) retains the primary responsibility and dominant role for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project, with nih staff being substantially involved as a partner with the principal investigator, as described under the section vi. 2. administrative requirements , "cooperative agreement terms and conditions of award". at this time, the nih does not intend to continue this project beyond this four-year funding period (fy2009 fy2012). a fundamental objective of the nih roadmap (rm) for promis has been to develop new methodologies to evaluate patient reported outcomes (pros) as part of the rm efforts in re-engineering the clinical research enterprise. the role of the nih roadmap in this effort has been to provide the incubator space for this major initiative to develop and mature, and it has been appropriate, therefore, to provide the initial funding for the growth of pros capability through the common fund from which roadmap projects have been supported. nih is committed to ensuring that the federal investment in the development of promis will result in improvements in clinical trial methodologies and ultimately improvements in public health. nih would like to be engaged in an ongoing public-private partnership (ppp) in order to ensure that the nih stewardship of the public health trust related to patient-reported outcome (pro) measures continues beyond the scope of the current solicitation. one means to accomplish that end is via the formation of a ppp. ppps can be initiated by nih and/or awardee institutions. nih has the following goals with respect to the development of a ppp: a) to ensure the exceptional scientific quality of the research and maintain the clinical relevance of the promis work; b) to ensure that broad interest continues to drive the promis activity through a representative governance structure including communities such as nih, other federal agencies, academia, clinicians, industry, and patient groups; c) to leverage the nih roadmap investment in promis both during and beyond the second funding phase with additional support and resources from other sectors; and d) to ensure that all promis resources remain widely accessible and at minimal cost to advance clinical research and practice. 2. funds available the nih roadmap intends to commit approximately $600,000 in fy2009 to fund one new grant application in response to this foa. an applicant may request a project period for four (4) years and a budget for direct costs up to $400,000 per year. the earliest anticipated start date for awards under this funding opportunity is september 1, 2009. the estimated amount of funds available for support of one projects awarded as a result of this announcement is $ 600,000 for fiscal year 20 09 . future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation, see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. section
RFA-HL-21-009,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nhlbi intends to commit total costs of up to $1,053,000 in fy2021 to fund up to 6 awards. award budget application budgets must not exceed direct costs of $100,000 in fiscal year 2021, $150,000 in fiscal year 2022, $150,000 in fiscal year 2023, and $225,000 per year in fiscal years 2024 and 2025. . an application from an existing sickle pan-african research consortium site (sparco) that includes maintenance of an existing registry or database of scd cases may request additional direct costs of up to $125,000 per year in fiscal year 2021 and additional direct costs up to $100,000 per year in fiscal years 2022 through 2025. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-AI-19-043,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards niaid intends to commit $2.8 million in fy 2020 for the ixcrp to fund two to three (u01 and/or u19) awards. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. as a guideline, the approximate level of funding in direct costs for similar u19 awards has been approximately $1.2 million per year. award project period because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. the total award period requested for this foa may not exceed five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-AG-17-013,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nia: for r21 phase, and pending annual appropriations, nia intends to commit $900,000 for fy 2017, and $900,000 for fy 2018 to fund up to 4 awards. pending administrative review and annual appropriations, nia can potentially fund up to 4 r33 awards, totaling $2,900,000 in fy 2019, $2,900,000 in fy 2020, and $2,900,000 in fy 2021. nida: for r21 phase, and pending annual appropriations, nida intends to commit $450,000 for fy 2017, and $450,000 for fy 2018 to fund up to 2 awards. pending administrative review and annual appropriations, nida can potentially fund up to 2 r33 awards, totaling $1,450,000 in fy 2019, $1,450,000 in fy 2020, and $1,450,000 in fy 2021. award budget for the r21 planning phase, the combined budget for direct costs for the two year project period may not exceed $275,000, with no more than $200,000 requested in any single year. for the three year r33 implementation phase, applicants combined budget for direct costs may not exceed $1,350,000. applicant's budgets need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the project period is limited to five years, which include 2 years of r21 phase followed by up to 3 years of r33 phase. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-MH-14-101,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nimh intends to commit approximately $10,000,000 in fy 2014 to fund 10-18 grants in response to this foa and the companion announcements. award budget direct costs are limited to $450,000 over an r34 3-year period, with no more than $225,000 in direct costs allowed in any single year. award project period the total project period may not exceed three years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-NS-11-011,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the phs398 application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards ninds intends to fund 1-3 awards, corresponding to a total of $4,500,000, for fiscal year 2011. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget application budgets are limited to $1,000,000 direct costs per year. award project period 2 years nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DK-11-025,ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niddk intends to commit $1,500,000 total costs in fy 2012 for up to four awards. award budget application budgets are not limited, but need to reflect actual needs of the proposed project award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-NS-15-002,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity.. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the ninds intends to commit approximately $4,500,000 in fiscal year 2015 to fund up to 2 awards. the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. award budget applicants may request up to $1,000,000 direct costs per year (exclusive of facilities and administrative costs of subcontracts with collaborating institutions) with the following exception: applications containing a translational project and/or clinical component (i.e. a clinical research project plus a clinical core) may request up to $1,500,000 direct costs per year. award project period the project period is limited to5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-CA-17-015,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nci intends to commit $2.5m in fy 2017 to fund up to 5 awards. award budget direct costs are limited to $350,000 per year. award project period the total project period request may not exceed 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-NS-18-011,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new resubmission revision the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? required: only accepting applications that propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards ninds intends to commit $4,000,000 to support 3-5 awards per fiscal year. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. applicants should rarely exceed $1,000,000 direct costs per year for the ug3 phase and $1,500,000 direct costs per year for the uh3 phase. award project period the proposed project period for the ug3 phase must not exceed 4 years. the proposed project period for the uh3 phase must not exceed 4 years. the total duration of the ug3 and uh3 may not exceed 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-RM-20-006,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards office of strategic coordination ( common fund ) intends to commit $2,500,000 in fy 2020 to fund 3 to 6 awards. award budget application budgets may not exceed $400,000 in direct costs for any one year and need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the maximum project period is five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-HL-10-021,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this foa will use the nih academic career (k07) award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi, also referred to as the candidate) and his/her mentor are jointly responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed research career development program . this foa uses just-in-time information concepts (see sf424 (r&r) application guide ). it also uses the non-modular budget format. the candidate should follow the instructions for budget information described in section iv (6.f) as well as in phs 398 career development award supplemental form section 7.4.6 of the r&r 424 instructions, and budget justification information. k07 development award: this award provides up to 4 years (a minimum of 3 years is required) of salary and research support for more junior investigators who are interested in developing academic and clinical research expertise in hemoglobinopathies. during the period of the award, the candidate will become a successful clinical investigator in hemoglobinopathies. research, teaching, and leadership skills are to be developed during the tenure of the award. curriculum building skills in multicenter clinical trials and hemoglobinopathies are required. a mentor is required. a minimum of 9 person months (75%) of full-time professional effort is required annually; the remainder may be devoted to clinical activities consistent with the objectives of the award. k07 development awards are not renewable nor are they transferable from one pd/pi to another. because the objectives of the k07 award are to increase the pool of individuals in academia and/or to implement or enhance curriculum development within the sponsoring institution, awards are not transferable to another institution. only in exceptional circumstances would consideration be given for the transfer of a development award. see section vi.2 . 2. funds available because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the nhlbi provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. the nhlbi intends to award up to $2,484,000 in total costs in fy 2011 to fund up to 6 grants in response to this funding announcement. an applicant may request a project period of up to 4 years and a budget for direct costs of up to $414,000 per year. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants, if applicable, are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. 2.a. allowable costs salary: nhlbi will provide salary and fringe benefits for the k07 award recipient. the total salary requested must be based on a full-time, 12-month staff appointment. the k07 development award requires the candidate to devote a minimum of 9 person-months (75% of full-time professional effort) to conducting the research and developmental programs activities described in the application. for information regarding nih policy on determining full-time professional effort for career awards, see not-od-04-056 . the salary must be consistent both with the established salary structure at the institution and with salaries actually provided by the institution from its own funds to other staff members of equivalent qualifications, rank, and responsibilities in the department concerned. if full-time, 12-month salaries are not currently paid to comparable staff members, the salary proposed must be appropriately related to the existing salary structure. confirmation of salary may be required prior to the issuance of an award. fringe benefits, based on the sponsoring institutions rate and the percent of effort, are provided in addition to the salary. the sponsoring institution may supplement the nih salary contribution up to a level that is consistent with the institution's salary scale. however, supplementation may not be from federal funds unless specifically authorized by the federal program from which such funds are derived. in no case may phs funds be used for salary supplementation. institutional supplementation of salary must not require extra duties or responsibilities that would interfere with the purpose of the k07 award. under expanded authorities, however, institutions may re-budget funds within the total costs awarded to cover salaries consistent with the institution's salary scale. the total salary, however, may not exceed the legislatively mandated salary cap. see: http://grants.nih.gov/grants/policy/salcap_summary.htm . research development support: along with salary support, the nhlbi will provide research development support for the k07 award recipient. this support may be used for the following expenses: (a) tuition and fees related to career development; (b) research expenses, such as supplies, equipment and technical personnel; c) travel to research meetings or training; and (d) statistical services including personnel and computer time. in addition, travel expenses to an annual k07 grantees meeting for the k07 pi and mentor must be requested. consortium costs: consortia with participating institutions, such as an academic department or hospital, are allowed. ancillary personnel support: salary for mentors, secretarial and administrative assistance, etc. is not allowed. indirect costs: these costs also known as facilities and administrative (f&a) costs, will be reimbursed at eight percent (8%) of modified total direct costs.
RFA-NS-09-003,section ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this foa will use the r21 award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts (see sf424 (r&r) application guide ) . it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ) . specifically, a u.s. organization submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs) must use the phs398 modular budget component. u.s. applicants requesting more than $250,000 in annual direct costs and all foreign applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component. 2. funds available for ninds approximately $1 million will be available for this foa in 2009. for niaaa approximately $ 250 ,000 will be available, and for nida approximately $ 500 ,000 will be available. ninds anticipates making approximately 4 a wards in response to this foa . niaaa anticipates making one award. nida anticipates making 2-3 awards. the total project period for an application submitted in response to this funding opportunity may not exceed two years. direct costs are limited to $150,000 per year. it is anticipated that the budget will be divided equally between the biology and chemistry components of the proposal. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-RM-07-003,ii. award information 1. mechanism(s) of support this funding opportunity will use the regular research project (r01) grant award mechanism. as an applicant, you will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. budgets will be limited to $250,000 direct costs per year or less and the duration of awards will be limited to three years. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation, see not-od-05-004 . this funding opportunity uses just-in-time concepts. it also uses the modular budget format (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ). use the modular budget format described in the phs 398 application instructions. applications from foreign (non-u.s.) institutions submitted using the phs 398 : follow the non-modular format instructions and submit form page 4 and form page 5. do not complete or submit the modular budget format page. 2. funds available the nih intends to commit approximately $1.6 million total costs in fy2007 to fund applications in response to this rfa. the number of awards will depend on the budgets of the awards that are made. the anticipated start date for awards in response to this rfa is july, 2007. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ics provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this rfa are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. section
RFA-DK-14-015,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the niddk intends to commit $6 million dollars in fy 2015 to fund 2-5 awards. award budget maximum direct costs are $2.5 million exclusive of consortium facilities and administrative (f&a) costs to be used over a project period of up to 5 years. niddk expects that the requested direct costs will range from $1 million to $2.5 million based on the scope of the research, plus applicable f&a costs to be determined at the time of the award. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-MH-15-600,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. nimh intends to commit $3,000,000 in fy 2015, fy 2016, and fy2017 to fund 7-10 new awards each year. award budget an applicant may request a budget for direct costs up to $1.625 million dollars with no more than $400,000 in direct costs for any single year. award project period the total project period for an application submitted in response to this foa may not exceed five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-RM-07-001,section ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity announcement (foa) will use a modified r21 award mechanism (limited to 1 year, up to $125,000 direct costs). the applicant will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses the modular budget formats (see the modular applications and awards section of the nih grants policy statement . specifically, if you are submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs), use the phs398 modular budget component provided in the sf424 (r&r) application package and sf424 (r&r) application guide (see specifically section 5.4, modular budget component, of the application guide). at this time, it is not known if this f o a will be reissued. 2. funds available because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the institutes and centers (ics) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. the nih intends to commit approximately $8 million dollars in fy20 07 . it is anticipated that this amount will be distributed in response to two announcements. the nih anticipates making approximately 40-50 awards in total in 2007. the grant mechanism for funding will be the r21 (up to $125,000, limited to 1 year). for this announcement, t he anticipated start date of the awards is march 1 , 200 7 . the total project period for an application submitted in response to this funding opportunity may not exceed 1 year. although the size of award may vary with the scope of research proposed, it is expected that applications will stay within the budgetary guidelines for an exploratory/developmental project. direct costs are limited to $125,000 over a one-year period. applicants may request direct costs in $25,000 modules, up to the total direct costs limitation of $125,000 for the one-year award period , to reflect the scope of the proposed work . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. f acilities and administrative (f &a ) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 , november 2, 2004.
RFA-AA-18-009,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nih intends to fund an estimate of 4 awards, corresponding to a total of $3.0 m, for fiscal year 2018. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget budgets must not exceed $1.0 m direct costs per year for ind enabling studies and $500,000 direct cost for phase 2 human laboratory and proof-of-concept clinical trials may be requested. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-HL-20-006,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new resubmission the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials note: applicants may propose to gain experience in a clinical trial led by a mentor/co-mentor as part of their research career development. need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. the following nih components intend to commit the following amounts: nhlbi intends to commit total costs of up to $1,367,280 in fy 2020, up to $2,962,440 in fy 2021, and up to $4,215,780 in fy 2022. nhlbi intends to support up to 12 new awards in fy 2020, up to 26 new awards in fy 2021, and up to 37 new awards in fy 2022. niaid intends to commit up to $1,125,000 in annual total costs in fy 2020, fy 2021, and fy 2022 to support up to 9 new k38 awards per fiscal year. nci intends to commit total costs of up to $213,300 in fy 2020, up to $955,800 in fy 2021, and up to $1,595,500 in fy 2022. the nci intends to support up to 2 new awards in fy 2020, up to 4 new awards in fy 2021, and up to 6 new awards in fy 2022. nia intends to commit total costs of up to $120,000 per year in fy 2020, fy 2021, and fy 2022 to support up to one new award per fiscal year. award budget award budgets are composed of salary and other program-related expenses, as described below.. award project period the total project period may not exceed 2 years. other award budget information salary nih will contribute up to $60,000 per year toward the salary of the career award recipient. further guidance on budgeting for career development salaries is provided in the sf424 (r&r) application guide (see also not-od-17-094 ). transition scholar compensation: the total salary requested must be based on a full-time appointment and be consistent with the postgraduate year (pgy) salary structure at the applicant institution. during a research year, transition scholars in clinical fellowships will be paid 75% of their base pgy salary level set by the institution. transition scholar salary should be calculated for the months of full-time research engagement over a year: for example, a scholar engages in research for a year at a pgy salary of $75,000, with a monthly salary of $6,250; the k38 award will support 75% effort over 12 months, which equates to 9.0 person-months; the budgeted salary for this participant would be $56,250 ($6,250 x 9.0 or 75% of $75,000). transition scholars who are early career faculty applicants
RFA-AG-16-015,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new resubmissions are limited to applications submitted to previous issuances of this foa. the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nia intends to commit $1.7 million in fy 2016 to fund approximately 15 awards. award budget application budgets are limited to $75,000 in direct costs per year. award project period the project period is limited to 2 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-OD-18-001,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new resubmission the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nih, via support from the fda center for tobacco products (ctp), intends to fund up to 8 r03s, corresponding to a total of up to $4 million, for fiscal year 2018. future year amounts will depend on availability of funds. award budget application budgets are limited to $50,000 in direct cost per year award project period the maximum project period is 2 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-RM-11-023,ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nih intends to commit approximately $2 million across this foa and its companion (rfa-rm-11-024) to fund approximately 5 awards, contingent on nih appropriations, and the submission of a sufficient number of scientifically meritorious applications. award budget application budgets are not limited, but need to reflect actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the project period should be determined by the scope of the proposed project. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DK-19-005,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new renewal resubmission the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards niddk intends to commit $3.745m in fy 2020 to fund up to 2 awards in fy2020 and 2-3 awards in fy2021, so the final hematology centers program will consist of four ccehs and one hccc. award budget application budgets are limited to $650,000 in direct costs per year. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-AA-18-007,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the nih blueprint institutes intend to commit $4.3 million in total costs for fy 2018 to fund 7 - 9 awards. award budget application budgets need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. the budgets are limited to $400,000 direct costs annually. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AI-12-011,ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the phs398 application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations, and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. niaid and partner components intend to commit up to an estimated total of $18.5 million of core funding in fy 14 to fund 1 award each for the loc, lc, sdmc comprising the leadership group for a clinical research network on integrated strategies to prevent hiv infection. award budget total costs are limited to $18.5m for fy 14 to be disbursed, as core funding, among the three awards constituting the lg. award project period the maximum period is 7 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AI-20-057,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards niaid intends to commit $4,000,000 in fy 2022 to fund up to 5 awards. award budget application budgets may not exceed $500,000 (direct costs) per year, unless the project involves the use of non-human primates, where the application budget may not exceed $750,000 (direct costs) per year. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-NR-11-003,section ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the national institute of nursing research intends to commit an estimated total of $2 million split between this foa and the parallel foa of identical scope, r21 ( rfa-nr-11-004 ). award budget funding requests are limited to a maximum of $300,000 per year (direct costs). award project period this funding announcement is limited to projects that can be completed in three (3) years or less. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AG-18-016,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. nia intends to commit $1,000,000 in fy 2018 to fund 1-2 awards. award budget application budgets are limited to $700,000 in direct costs and need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DK-20-026,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials. need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards niddk intends to commit $14,660,000 in fy 2022 to support four related funding opportunities, rfa-dk-20-026 , rfa-dk-20-027 , rfa-dk-20-028 and rfa-dk-20-029 . we expect to award 6-8 recruitment sites under this funding opportunity announcement. award budget the direct costs for each kpmp recruitment site u01 award are expected to be $300,000 to $400,000 per year based on the projected clinical recruitment and follow-up. application budgets are not limited but should reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-DA-13-010,section ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nida intends to support 6 to 8 r01 applications solicited through this foa. a companion foa, rfa-da-13-011 , will support an additional 4 or 5 r21 exploratory/developmental research grant applications. nida intends to commit up to $5 million in total costs in fy 2013 to support meritorious projects solicited through these two foas. award budget application budgets are not to exceed $500,000 in direct costs per year, but should reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. the module budget format should be used for direct costs requests up to $250,000 per year. award project period the total project period for an application submitted in response to this funding opportunity may not exceed five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-CA-17-001,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nci intends to fund an estimate of up to 5 awards, corresponding to a total of $2,500,000, for fiscal year 2017. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget budgets for direct costs may not exceed $350,000 per year. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AG-14-011,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nia intends to commit $ 4.8m total costs in fy2014 to fund 3 awards. award budget direct costs for awards may not exceed $3.0 m per year for the consortium. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AI-12-014,ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the niaid intends to commit $9.3 million in total costs to fund 10-15 applications in response to this foa. award budget budgets for direct costs of up to $750,000 per year may be requested. in addition, applicants may request up to a total of $300,000 for major equipment in the first year of the award to ensure that research aims can be met and biohazards can be contained. prior consultation with niaid is strongly encouraged for applicants requesting budgets in excess of these amounts. ifthe proposed application does not meet the goals of the mission of niaid and this foa, applicants will be strongly encouraged to apply for other funding opportunity announcements. award project period scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AG-17-051,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nia intends to commit $8 million in fy 2017 to fund 9-11 awards. the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DA-08-007,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity announcement (foa) will use the nih research project grant ( r01) award mechanism. the applicant will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ). specifically, if you are a u.s. organization and are submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs), use the phs398 modular budget component provided in the sf424 (r&r) application package and sf424 (r&r) application guide (see specifically section 5.4, modular budget component, of the application guide). u.s. applicants requesting more than $250,000 in annual direct costs and all foreign applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component found in the application package for this foa. see not-od-06-096 , august 23, 2006. at this time, it is not known if this foa will be reissued. 2. funds available because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the institutes and centers (ics) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. the participating organizations nida and nimh intend to commit approximately $3.0 million (nida $2.5.million and nimh $0.5 million respectively) in fiscal year 20 08 to fund approximately 4-6 applications. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. f&a costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 , november 2, 2004. section
RFA-AI-19-024,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nih intends to commit up to $8.3 million in fy2020 to fund the research projects covered within the u.s.-south africa program for collaborative biomedical research - phase 2. for this specific foa, niaid intends to commit up to $1.0 million to fund 2-3 awards in fy 2020. award budget application budgets are limited to $350,000 in total costs. indirect costs for foreign grantees are limited to 8% of modified total direct costs. indirect costs for the u.s. component of these applications are their institution's negotiated indirect rate. therefore, the up to $350,000 total cost budget in each application may include direct costs for research, up to 8% in indirect costs for the south african institution, and up to the negotiated indirect rate for the u.s. institution. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-AG-21-022,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new resubmissions resubmissions from rfa-ag-20-009 - transition to aging research award for predoctoral students (f99/k00) the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose independent clinical trials. note: applicants may propose to gain experience in a clinical trial led by a sponsor/co-sponsor as part of their research training. need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nia intends to commit $450,000 in fy 2021 to fund 7-10 awards. award budget award budgets are composed of stipends, tuition and fees, and institutional allowance, as described below. award project period individuals may receive up to 5 years of aggregate kirschstein-nrsa support at the predoctoral level (up to 6 years for dual degree training, e.g., md/phd), and up to 3 years of aggregate kirschstein-nrsa support at the postdoctoral level, including any combination of support from institutional training grants (e.g., t32) and an individual fellowship award. other award budget information stipends (f99)/salary (k00) allowable costs: f99 phase salaries are provided as a subsistence allowance to help defray living expenses during the research training experience. the stipend level for f99 predoctoral fellows is the same as for the f31 ruth l. kirschstein national research service award (nrsa) fellows. see https://researchtraining.nih.gov/resources/policy-notices. allowable costs: k00 phase nia will contribute up to $52,704 in the first year toward the salary of the career award recipient. this will be increased to $53,076 for the second year, $53,460 for the third year, and $ 55,596 for the fourth year. further guidance on budgeting for career development salaries is provided in the sf424 (r&r) application guide. the total salary, however, may not exceed the legislatively mandated salary cap. see: http://grants.nih.gov/grants/policy/salcap_summary.htm. tuition and fees fellowship awards will contribute to the combined cost of tuition and fees at the rate in place at the time of award. see https://researchtraining.nih.gov/resources/policy-notices institutional allowance (f99) / other program-related expenses (k00) allowable costs: f99 phase the applicant should request an institutional allowance to help defray the cost of fellowship expenses such as health insurance, research supplies, equipment, books, and travel to scientific meetings. the annual institutional allowance level for the f99 phase is the same as that provided for the f31 ruth l. krischstein national research service award (nrsa) awards (see https://researchtraining.nih.gov/resources/policy-notices), plus a one-time additional $1,500 in the first year of the f99 award to defray travel costs to an institution during the second year to meet the proposed mentor and to discuss and prepare a postdoctoral research and career development strategy. allowable costs: k00 phase nia will provide research development support for the award recipient. these costs may be used for the following expenses: (a) aging-related courses outside of the applicant institution which are directly relevant to the proposed research as part of the transition to aging research; (b) research expenses, such as supplies, equipment, and technical personnel; c) travel to aging-related meetings or training; and (d) statistical services including personnel and computer time. nia will contribute up to $5,000 per year toward the research development costs of the award recipient, which must be justified and consistent with the candidates stage of development and the proportion of time to be spent in research or career development activities, plus a one-time additional $1,500 in the first year of the k00 award to defray travel costs to attend a mandatory nia-sponsored conference. salary for mentors, secretarial and administrative assistants, etc. is not allowed. indirect costs fellowship awards do not include a separate reimbursement for indirect costs (also known as facilities & administrative [f&a] costs). instead of costs for administering fellowships are covered by the institutional allowance. see https://researchtraining.nih.gov/resources/policy-notices stipend levels, as well as funding amounts for tuition and fees and the institutional allowance are announced annually in the nih guide for grants and contracts, and are also posted on the ruth l. kirschstein national research service award (nrsa) webpage . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-CA-10-016,section ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity will u se the nih specialized center cooperative agreement (u24) aw ard mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses non-modular budget formats described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). this funding opportunity will use a cooperative agreement award mechanism. in the cooperative agreement mechanism, the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) retains the primary responsibility and dominant role for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project, with nih staff being substantially involved as a partner with the principal investigator, as described under the section vi. 2. administrative requirements , "cooperative agreement terms and conditions of award." 2. funds available nci has committed $15-$24 million dollars in total costs for fy 2011 for this funding opportunity. six to eight awards are anticipated to be made, depending on the availability of funds and the number of meritorious applications. applicants may request a project period of up to five years and a budget in direct cost of no more than $2.25 million per year. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation; see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HL-09-011,section ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity will use the research project cooperative agreement (u01) award mechanism(s). the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses non-modular budget formats described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). this funding opportunity will use a cooperative agreement award mechanism. in the cooperative agreement mechanism, the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) retains the primary responsibility and dominant role for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project, with nih staff being substantially involved as a partner with the principal investigator, as described under the section vi. 2. administrative requirements , "cooperative agreement terms and conditions of award." this is a one-time solicitation to fund the pediatric translational consortium administrative coordinating center for 6 years. continuation of this program at the end of the 6 years will depend on evaluations conducted by the external advisory committee, nhlbi strategic priorities, and available funds. 2. funds available the total amount of funding that the nhlbi expects to award through this announcement is $8,090,000 for a project period of six years. this includes up to $3.6 million for the acc itself as well as up to $4,490,000 (including subcontract f&a costs) for cores to be administered by the acc. the anticipated number of awards is one administrative coordinating center. the estimated amount of funds available for support of one project awarded as a result of this announcement is $ 400,000 for fiscal year 20 09 . future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation; see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-RM-07-005,section ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity announcement (foa) will use the dp1 award mechanism. the applicant will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. 2. funds available sufficient funds have been set aside in 2007 to provide 5-10 awards. the awards will be for $500,000 in direct costs each year for five years.
RFA-HL-16-019,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the following nih components intend to commit the following amounts: nhlbi intends to commit total costs up to $250,000 in fy2016, $637,000 in fy2017, $1,097,000 in fy2018, $1,304,000 in fy2019 and $946,000 in fy2020. nimh intends to commit total costs up to $450,000 in fy2017, $450,000 in fy2018, and $450,000 in fy2019. ninr intends to commit total costs up to $150,000 in fy2017, $150,000 in fy2018, and $150,000 in fy2019. up to 3 awards are intended to be funded in total. award budget application budgets may not exceed direct costs of $77,160 in fy2016, $381,790 in fy2017, $523,765 in fy2018, $587,654 in fy2019, and $291,975 in fy2020. award project period the maximum project period allowed is 5 years. other award budget information personnel costs individuals designing, directing, and implementing the career development program may request salary and fringe benefits appropriate for the person months devoted to the program. salaries requested may not exceed the levels commensurate with the institution's policy for similar positions and may not exceed the congressionally mandated cap. if mentoring interactions and other activities with scholars are considered a regular part of an individual's academic duties, then mentoring and other interactions with scholars are non-reimbursable from grant funds. limited program-related administrative and clerical salary costs associated distinctly with the program that are not normally provided by the applicant organization may be direct charges to the grant only when they are in accordance with applicable cost principles. for institutions covered by omb circular a-21, this type of training program may qualify as a major project where administrative salaries are allowable as a direct cost. when specifically identified and justified, these expenses must be itemized in sections a and b, as appropriate, of the r&r budget. items that may not be supported with k12 grant funds include: direct support of the mentors' laboratories beyond those expenses directly attributable to the scholar's project participant costs scholars are those individuals who benefit from the proposed activities and experiences involved in the career development program. scholar costs must be justified as specifically required for the proposed career development program and based on institutional policies for salaries paid to individuals in similar positions, regardless of the source of funds. these expenses must be itemized in the proposed budget. k12 awardee salary is capped at $75,000 for 75% effort excepting fringe and scholar health insurance. scholar costs per year should not exceed the following: $35,000 for tuition and associated texts and $25,000 for research costs. allowable costs under the research costs category may include: 1) research expenses such as supplies, equipment and technical personnel, including expenses generated in the laboratories of the established investigators who serve as mentor. these research costs must be related to the scholar's research activities and cannot be pooled and used for other programs unrelated or only indirectly related to the research activities of individual scholars. note: each applicant should not propose more than 6 scholars in a 3-year period and scholars may only enter the program in years 2, 3 and 4 of the award. no new candidates shall begin after year 4 unless prior approval from the nhlbi grants officer is obtained. other program related expenses consultant costs, equipment, supplies, travel for key persons, and other program-related expenses may be included in the proposed budget. these expenses must be justified as specifically required by the proposed program and must not duplicate items generally available at the applicant institution. allowable costs include: scholars as well as the pd/pi are expected to attend the annual k12 meeting in bethesda, md and scholars may also attend an additional scientific meeting per year. funds may be requested in the budget for this purpose but may not exceed $3,889 per traveler. items that may not be supported with k12 funds include: travel of the pd/pi or program mentors to scientific meetings other than the annual k12 meeting in bethesda, md. patient care costs except for clinical laboratory analyses essential for the scholar's research. alterations and renovations. indirect costs indirect costs (also known as facilities & administrative [f&a] costs) are reimbursed at 8% of modified total direct costs (exclusive of tuition and fees, consortium costs in excess of $25,000, and expenditures for equipment), rather than on the basis of a negotiated rate agreement. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AG-17-061,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nia intends to commit $4.5 million in fy 2017 to fund 3-4 awards. the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations. award budget annual direct costs are capped at $750,000. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HG-09-012,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this foa will use the nih exploratory/developmental research (r21) award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts (see sf424 (r&r) application guide ) . it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ) . specifically, a u.s. organization submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs) must use the phs398 modular budget component. u.s. applicants requesting more than $250,000 in annual direct costs and all foreign applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component. 2. funds available nhgri intends to commit approximately $2 million total costs in fiscal year 2010 to fund 2-7 applications. an applicant may request a project period of up to 3 years and a budget for direct costs up to $200,000 per year. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DE-18-008,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nidcr intends to fund an estimate of 3-4 awards, corresponding to a total of $2 million, for fiscal year 2018. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-CA-16-501,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nih intends to fund one award, corresponding to a total of approximately $2.0 million, for fiscal year 2017. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget the applicant may request a budget of up to $1,500,000 annually in direct costs. award project period the applicant should request support for a project period of 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DK-12-014,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement application types allowed new the oer glossary and the phs398 application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niddk intends to commit approximately 3 million dollars in fy 2013 to fund the consortium in response to this foa. niddk anticipates four pcc awards and one dcc award. award budget an applicant may request approximately $350,000 direct costs in the first year for the clinical centers and approximately $500,000 direct costs for the data coordinating center. applicants should specify that they propose to be a pcc or the dcc. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award project period the total project period for an application submitted in response to this funding opportunity may not exceed five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AG-16-020,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards issuing ic and partner components intend to commit an estimated total of $2.1 million to fund 10-15 awards. the nia intends to commit $1.0 million in fy 2016 collectively across the awards, as matching funds supporting awards administered by other nih institutes who participate in this foa. the number of awards is contingent upon sufficient co-funding from those nih institutes. the national cancer institute (nci) intends to commit an estimated total of $375,000 in fy2016 to fund 6 awards (2 of those 6 co-funded by the nia). award budget application budgets are limited to $150,000 for the uh2 phase (maximum $100,000 per year) and $450,000 for the uh3 (maximum $175,000 per year). requests need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the project period for the uh2 phase is limited to a maximum of 3 years. the project period for the uh3 phase is limited to a maximum of 3 years. the entire award project period many not exceed 5 years total. conversion to the uh3 phase is contingent on completion of benchmarks in the uh2 award period. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HG-20-045,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nhgri intends to commit $4m total costs in fy21, and $8m total costs per year in fy22-fy25 to fund 3-5 centers. the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. award budget application budgets must reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. in fy21 application budgets are limited to $900,000 direct costs and $1.8m direct costs per year in fy22-fy25. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-RM-15-005,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nih common fund intends to commit $15 million dollars in fy 2016 for this initiative. nih institutes and centers will provide funding based on specific programmatic interests and availability of funds. the number of awards depends on the size and scope of the most meritorious application, programmatic interest, and availability of funds. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the maximum project period is five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AI-09-025,section ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity will use the nih multi-project cooperative agreement (u19) grant award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses non-modular budget formats described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ) . this funding opportunity will use a cooperative agreement award mechanism. in the cooperative agreement mechanism, the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) retains the primary responsibility and dominant role for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project, with nih staff being substantially involved as a partner with the pd/pi, as described under the section vi. 2. administrative requirements , "cooperative agreement terms and conditions of award". niaid has not yet determined whether this foa will be renewed beyond the duration of the present foa. 2. funds available the niaid expects to award $4 million in total costs, through this announcement in fiscal year 2010. 4-5 awards are expected to be made. the direct cost amount for individual awards is expected to range from $300,000 - $500,000 per year. the project period may not exceed 5 years. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation, see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DA-09-004,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this foa will use the r03 award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts (see sf424 (r&r) application guide ) . it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ) . specifically, a u.s. organization submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs) must use the phs398 modular budget component. u.s. applicants requesting more than $250,000 in annual direct costs and all foreign applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component. 2. funds available the nih intends to commit $5m (total costs), in fy2009, to fund applications in response to the da-09-003 (r21) and da-09-004 (r03) announcements approximately ten r03 awards are anticipated. direct costs are limited to $100,000 per year over a 2-year period, with no more than $200,000 in direct costs allowed over the entire two year period. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AI-21-046,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials. need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards niad intends to commit $5 million in fy 2022 to fund 10 to 14 awards. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-HG-20-048,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new resubmission the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the following nih components intend to commit the following amounts in fy 2021: nhgri, up to $4m total costs, 3-5 awards nci, up to $800k total costs, 1 award award budget application budgets are limited to $500,000 direct costs/year. application budgets need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 4 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-DK-16-025,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niddk intends to commit $2.75 million in fys 2017-2020; nimhd intends to commit $600,000 in fys 2017-2020; and niaid intends to commit $500,000 in fys 2018-2020 to fund up to 15 clinical centers. award budget application budgets are limited to $200,000 direct costs per year for each clinical center. award project period the maximum project period is five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AG-20-011,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new resubmission resubmission of applications to rfa-ag-19-017 or rfa-ag-19-018 the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? required: only accepting applications that propose an independent clinical trial(s). need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nia intends to commit $2 million in fy 2020 to fund approximately 7 to 10 awards for this rfa and its companion. future year amounts are contingent upon annual appropriations. award budget award budgets are composed of salary and other program-related expenses, as described below. award project period award budgets are limited to $225,000 in direct costs in any year. ?the total project period may not exceed 5 years. other award budget information salary nih will contribute up to the legislative limit per year toward the salary of the career award recipient. further guidance on budgeting for career development salaries is provided in the sf424 (r&r) application guide. salary must be within the overall direct cost limit of $225,000 (see also not-od-17-094). the total nih contribution to salary, however, may not exceed the legislatively mandated salary cap. see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/policy/salcap_summary.htm . other program-related expenses nih will contribute support up to the overall direct cost limit per year toward the research development costs of the award recipient, which must be justified and consistent with the stage of development of the candidate and the proportion of time to be spent in research or career development activities. salary for mentors, secretarial and administrative assistants, etc. is not allowed. it is expected that awardees will use a portion of their research development funds to cover the costs of traveling to an annual domestic meeting for beeson scholars. indirect costs indirect costs (also known as facilities & administrative [f&a] costs) are reimbursed at 8% of modified total direct costs. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-AR-18-001,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new renewal from rfa-ar-13-012 and rfa-ar-13-021 the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards issuing ic and partner components intend to commit an estimated total of $4.5 m to fund up to three awards. award budget applicants may request up to $1m in direct costs/year (exclusive of facilities and administrative costs of subcontractors with collaborating organizations. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HL-20-022,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new resubmission revision the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nhlbi intends to commit total costs of up to $1,424,000 in fy 2020, $1,424,000 in fy 2021, and $1,848,000 in fy 2022. nhlbi expects to fund up to 3 new awards in fy 2020, 3 new awards in fy 2021, and 4 new awards in fy 2022, for a total of up to 10 new awards. the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. award budget application budgets must not exceed $300,000 direct costs per year. the total budget must reflect the actual needs of the proposed project and annual project budgets must reflect the actual costs anticipated in each year. award project period the maximum project period is two years. the scope of the project should determine the project period. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-HD-17-006,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nichd intends to commit up to $6,000,000 in fy 2017 to fund an estimate of 3-4 awards. future year amounts will depend upon annual appropriations. award budget application budgets are limited to $1,400,000 in direct costs per year. budgets need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DK-12-008,section ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new renewal resubmission the oer glossary and the phs398 application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the niddk intends to commit $4.8m for four awards in fy 2013. award budget application budgets are limited to $750,000 in direct costs per year. these budget limits are exclusive of f&a costs on consortium and subcontract arrangements. award project period the project period for an application submitted in response to this funding opportunity may not exceed five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AI-10-004,ii. investigation of the effect of vaccines on early events in siv mucosal route infection of macaques: developing sensitive, specific, and reproducible assays to detect and monitor immune responses at mucosal tissue sites in vaccinated macaques characterizing and optimizing cellular and humoral immune responses generated by vaccines at mucosal sites homing to and retention of memory cells in mucosal sites after vaccinat ion relationship between the susceptible target cell pool and recruitment of vaccine elicited activated immune cells role for vaccine induced mucosal iga and/or igg in protection at mucosal sites need for vaccine elicited local antibody vs. transudated serum antibodies in the mucosa role for vaccine induced mucosal iga and/or igg in protection at mucosal sites role of antibody-dependent cell-mediated virus inhibition (adcvi) and antibody-dependent cellular cytotoxicity (adcc) in protection at mucosal sites need for vaccine elicited local antibody vs. transudated serum antibodies in the mucosa evaluating effects of different vaccine delivery systems on the early events in virus transmission and replication direct comparisons of different vaccines to induce mucosal immune responses and to protect against mucosal-route challenge effect of different vaccine routes of delivery (e.g., systemically and/or mucosally) on the early events in virus transmission and replication, including exploring whether mucosal delivery of vaccines is required for inducing protective responses at mucosal sites role for mucosal vaccine adjuvants, including use of innate immune factors as adjuvants and induction of innate defense factors cross-talk between innate and adaptive immunity at mucosal sites in vaccine induced responses vaccine induced/imprinted innate immune responses that can be recalled upon subsequent infection systems biology approaches to dissect innate and/or adaptive mucosal immune and other responses to vaccines (i.e., systems vaccinology), including but not necessarily limited to transcriptomic microarrays, functional genomics, and proteomics
RFA-HL-21-002,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nhlbi intends to commit an estimated total costs of up to $5,434,000 annually in fy2021, fy2022, fy2023, and fy2024 to fund 1 award. award budget application budgets may not exceed $3,417,000 in direct costs per year. award project period the maximum project period is 4 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-HG-11-025,ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nhgri intends to commit $3 million in total costs in fy 2012 and to make 5-8 awards. award budget application budgets are not limited, but need to reflect actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the total project period for an application submitted in response to this rfa may not exceed three years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HD-12-185,ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the phs398 application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nichd intends to commit approximately $6.6 million in total costs [direct plus facilities and administrative (f & a) costs] in fy 2012 to fund up to four new and/or renewal grants in response to this foa. award budget because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the nichd provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the total project period for an application submitted in response to this foa must be five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AG-13-010,ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations, and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. nih intends to fund an estimate of 3 awards, corresponding to a total of $1,500,000, for fiscal year 2013. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget application budgets are limited to no more than $350,000 in direct costs per year. in addition, budgets need to reflect actual needs of the proposed project. award project period three years nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-RM-18-030,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nih intends to fund one or two awards from this foa, contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. the total amount of funds available for these awards is anticipated to be $8m per year. award budget application budgets for each year should not exceed $8m in total costs. award project period the total award period for this foa is 3 years (fy2019 - fy2021). nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-DK-20-025,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new renewal resubmission applications from rfa-dk-18-020 the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards niddk intends to commit approximately $6.5m in fiscal year 2022 to fund up to 4 awards. award budget application budgets are limited to $1,000,000 per year in direct costs unless the applicant organization proposes to provide regional or national services as described in the funding opportunity description section of the foa. applications proposing a regional/national shared research core or expanded p and f program are limited to $1,250,000 per year in direct costs. these budget limits are exclusive of: (a) first year equipment costs, (b) direct costs on subcontracts to health departments, community health centers or other institutions/agencies that focus on underserved or health disparity populations for the purpose of establishing collaborations and providing access to the research infrastructure to investigators at these institutions to foster health disparities research in populations disproportionately affected by diabetes, (c) a national enrichment program, and (d) facility & administrative (f&a) costs on consortium and subcontract arrangements. it is anticipated that the award budget will be directly correlated to the breadth, quality and relevance to diabetes and related areas of the research base being served by the center. award project period the maximum project period is five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-ES-18-003,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new renewal resubmission revision the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the niehs intends to fund an estimate of 3-4 awards, corresponding to a total of $6.0m, for fiscal years 2019 and 2020. award budget application budgets are limited to $0.7m, $1.0m or $1.3m direct costs per year as determined by direct costs of nih research grants that are relevant to the environmental health sciences and for which an ehs cc member is designated as the pd/pi. see the budget instructions for the administrative core to determine the applicable direct cost limit for the application. award project period the project period if limited to 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-MH-12-110,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement application types allowed new the oer glossary and the phs398 application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the nimh intends to commit approximately $1,000,000 in fy 2012 to fund up to 2 grants in response to this foa. awards issued under this foa are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. award budget an applicant may request up to $500,000 direct costs per year. application budgets are not limited, but need to reflect actual needs of the proposed project. award project period scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the total project period may not exceed five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HG-15-002,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nhlbi intends to provide up to $2m total costs per year for four years to co-fund awards relevant to the nhlbi mission ( updated january 30, 2015 per issuance of not-hl-15-251 .) nhgri intends to commit $10m total costs per year for four years to this initiative. nhgri anticipates making 2-5 awards. award budget application budgets are limited to $5m per year in total costs but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the maximum project period is 4 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-NR-17-004,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new renewal of rfa-nr-12-006 the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. the national institute of nursing research intends to commit $2.0 million to support 2-3 awards from this p30 foa for fiscal year 2018. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget application budgets are limited to $350,000 in direct costs per year. award project period the total project period for an application submitted in response to this funding opportunity may not exceed 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HL-22-006,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? required: only accepting applications that propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the nhlbi intends to commit up to $2,000,000 in total costs for new awards in fiscal year (fy) 2022. the nhlbi intends to fund up to five new awards in fy 2022. the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. award budget application budgets may request up to $260,000 direct costs in fy2022. application budgets may request up to $450,000 direct costs per year in fy2023 through fy2026. investigators are encouraged to request what is well-justified for their research program. award project period the maximum project period of the combined r61 and r33 phases is five years, with up to one year for the r61 phase and up to four years for the r33 phase. the scope of the proposed project should determine the requested project award period. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-MH-15-850,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nimh intends to commit $1,000,000 in fy 2015 to fund three to five awards. award budget direct costs are limited to a maximum of $175,000 per year for the r21 phase and less than $500,000 per year for the r33 phase. although treated as direct costs, consortium f&a does not apply toward any direct cost cap. the r21 and r33 cannot be funded in the same fiscal year. award project period the total project period for a combined r21/r33 application may not exceed 5 years, with no more than three years for either the r21 phase or the r33 phase. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-CA-17-014,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nci intends to commit $1.5 m in fy 2017 to fund up to 36 awards. award budget for the f99 phase, award budgets are composed of stipends, tuition and fees, and institutional allowance, as described below. for the k00 phase, award budgets are composed of salaries and fringe benefits, tuition and fees, research and career development support, and indirect costs, as described below. award project period for the f99/k00 award, individuals may receive up to 6 years combined support for both phases, which includes up to 2 years in the f99 fellowship phase and up to 4 years in the k00 career development phase. other award budget information stipends (f99)/ salary (k00) allowable costs: f99 phase stipends are provided as a subsistence allowance to help defray living expenses during the research training experience. the stipend level for f99 predoctoral fellows is the same as for the f31 ruth l. kirschstein national research service award (nrsa) fellows. see https://researchtraining.nih.gov/resources/policy-notices allowable costs: k00 phase nci will contribute up to $50,000 in the first year toward the salary of the career award recipient. this will be increased to $53,300 for the second year, to $56,600 for the third year, and to $59,900 for a fourth year. further guidance on budgeting for career development salaries is provided in the sf424 (r&r) application guide. the total salary, however, may not exceed the legislatively mandated salary cap. see: http://grants.nih.gov/grants/policy/salcap_summary.htm . tuition and fees allowable costs: f99 phase nci will contribute to the combined cost of tuition and fees at the rate in place at the time of award, at the same level set for the f31 ruth l. kirschstein national research service award (nrsa) fellowships; see https://researchtraining.nih.gov/resources/policy-notices allowable costs: k00 phase nci will contribute to the combined cost of tuition and fees an amount equal to 60% of the level requested by the applicant institution, up to $4,500 per year. institutional allowance (f99)/ other program-related expenses (k00) allowable costs: f99 phase the applicant should request an institutional allowance to help defray the cost of fellowship expenses such as health insurance, research supplies, equipment, books, and travel to scientific meetings. the annual institutional allowance level for the f99 phase is the same as that provided for the f31 ruth l. kirschstein national research service award (nrsa) awards (see https://researchtraining.nih.gov/resources/policy-notices ) plus a one-time additional $1500 in the first year of the f99 award to defray the travel costs to attend a mandatory nci-sponsored conference. allowable costs: k00 phase nci will contribute $3,000 per year toward the research development costs of the award recipient, which must be justified and consistent with the stage of development of the candidate and the proportion of time to be spent in research or career development activities, plus a one-time additional $1500 in the first year of the k00 award to defray the travel costs to attend a mandatory nci-sponsored conference. salary for mentors, secretarial and administrative assistants, etc. is not allowed. indirect costs allowable costs: f99 phase nci does not separately reimburse indirect costs (also known as facilities & administrative [f&a] costs) for fellowships. costs for administering the f99 awards are part of the institutional allowance. allowable costs: k00 phase indirect costs (also known as facilities & administrative [f&a] costs) are reimbursed at 8% of modified total direct costs. stipend levels, as well as funding amounts for tuition and fees and the institutional allowance are announced annually in the nih guide for grants and contracts, and are also posted on the ruth l. kirschstein national research service award (nrsa) webpage . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DA-09-003,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this foa will use the r21 award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts (see sf424 (r&r) application guide ) . it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ) . specifically, a u.s. organization submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs) must use the phs398 modular budget component. u.s. applicants requesting more than $250,000 in annual direct costs and all foreign applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component. 2. funds available the nih intends to commit $5m (total costs), in fy2009, to applications in response to the da-09-003 (r21) and da-09-004 (r03) announcements nine to thirteen r21 awards are anticipated. direct costs are limited to $300,000 per year over a 2-year period, with no more than $600,000 in direct costs allowed over the entire two year period. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AI-21-016,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials. need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards niaid intends to commit $2.0m in fy 2022 to fund 4-6 awards. award budget application budgets are limited to $250,000 per year (direct costs). if studies in nonhuman primates are proposed, application budgets are limited to $300,000 per year (direct costs). award project period the project period is 5 years. the scope of the project must be appropriate to a 5-year project period. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-RR-10-007,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity will use the u54 award mechanism(s). the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses non-modular budget formats described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). this funding opportunity will use a cooperative agreement award mechanism. in the cooperative agreement mechanism, the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) retains the primary responsibility and dominant role for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project, with nih staff being substantially involved as a partner with the principal investigator, as described under the section vi. 2. administrative requirements , "cooperative agreement terms and conditions of award". it is unknown at this time if this program will be reissued. 2. funds available ncrr expects to make one award. ncrr expects to award $4 million total cost in fy 2012. five years of support may be requested. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. because the nature and scope of the proposed activities may vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award may also vary. although the financial plans of the ncrr provides support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-GM-13-002,section ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nigms intends to commit $3,000,000 total cost in fy 2013. award budget application budgets are not limited, but need to reflect actual needs of the proposed project. award project period scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum period is 4 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HG-05-007,ii. the generation of probes for assessing whether or not a knockout was made. was the screening pcr based? what was the monthly success rate of vector and probe generation during the most recent six month period?
RFA-CA-15-007,ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new resubmission the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nci intends to fund an estimate of 2-4 awards, corresponding to a total of $2 million, for fiscal year 2016. nci intends to fund an estimate of 2-4 new awards, corresponding to a total of $2 million, for fiscal year 2017. award budget the combined budget for direct costs for the two-year project period may not exceed $400,000. application budgets are limited to no more than $200,000 in direct costs in any single year. at least 60% of the proposed direct cost budget must be for costs in the lmic. f&a costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not od-05-004. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 2 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-RM-15-013,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nih intends to fund 2-3 awards in fy2016. the amount of funds available for these awards is $67,500 for fy2016, and a total of approximately $6,900,000 for fiscal years 2017-2021. actual amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget application budgets are limited to $15,000 direct costs for year 1, and to $325,000 direct costs in each of years 2 through 6. budgets should reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period applicants should request a project duration of six years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-MD-10-003,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this foa will use the r01 award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts (see sf424 (r&r) application guide ) . it also uses the modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ) . specifically, a u.s. organization submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs) must use the phs398 modular budget component. 2. funds available the total funds available in fy 2010 to support applications submitted in response to this foa are approximately $1.9 million including grantees and consortium participants associated facilities and administrative (f&a) costs. the requested amount for individual awards may not exceed $250,000 direct costs per year for up to five years. it anticipated that 5 or more awards would be made in fy 2010. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-MH-19-511,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new resubmission revision the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nih intends to fund an estimate of 5-7 awards, corresponding to a total of $ 6,000,000, for fiscal year 2019 for this and the companion r01 announcement. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations award budget direct costs are limited to $275,000 over a two-year project period, with no more than $200,000 in direct costs allowed in any single year. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 2 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-ES-15-006,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new (phase i, fast-track) renewal (phase ii) resubmissions (phase i, fast-track) the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) sbir/sttr application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niehs intends to commit $3 million in fiscal year 2015 to fund an estimate of 8-10 awards. award budget budgets up to $225,000 total costs for phase i applications and $1,500,000 total costs for phase ii applications may be requested. total costs include fees and consortium costs, as well as direct and indirect costs. award project period durations of up to 1 year for phase i and 2 years for phase ii may be requested. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AG-21-020,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new resubmission resubmission of applications from currently active nia k76 foas the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials. note: applicants may propose to gain experience in a clinical trial led by a mentor/co-mentor as part of their research career development. need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nia intends to commit $2 million in fy 2021, 2022, and 2023 to fund approximately 7 to 10 awards each year for this rfa and its companion. future year amounts are contingent upon annual appropriations. award budget award budgets are composed of salary and other program-related expenses, as described below. award project period award budgets are limited to $225,000 in direct costs in any year. the total project period may not exceed 5 years. other award budget information salary nih will contribute up to the legislative limit per year toward the salary of the career award recipient. further guidance on budgeting for career development salaries is provided in the sf424 (r&r) application guide. salary must be within the overall direct cost limit of $225,000 (see not-od-17-094). the total nih contribution to salary, however, may not exceed the legislatively mandated salary cap. see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/policy/salcap_summary.htm . other program-related expenses nih will contribute support up to the overall direct cost limit per year toward the research development costs of the award recipient, which must be justified and consistent with the stage of development of the candidate and the proportion of time to be spent in research or career development activities. these funds may be used for the following expenses: (a) tuition and fees related to career development; (b) research-related expenses, such as supplies, equipment and technical personnel; c) travel to research meetings or training; and (d) statistical services including personnel and computer time salary for mentors, secretarial and administrative assistants, etc. is not allowed. it is expected that awardees will use a portion of their research development funds to cover the costs of traveling to an annual domestic meeting for beeson scholars. indirect costs indirect costs (also known as facilities & administrative [f&a] costs) are reimbursed at 8% of modified total direct costs. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-MH-18-707,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new resubmission from rfa-mh-16-425 , rfa-mh-17-614 and rfa-mh-18-707 revision from rfa-mh-16-425 , rfa-mh-17-614 and rfa-mh-18-707 the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? required: only accepting applications that propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nimh intends to commit $18 million in direct costs for fy 2018 to fund this foa and the companion foas listed in part 1. overview information . award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years; however, applicants are strongly encouraged to limit their proposed project period to 3 or 4 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-RM-11-001,section ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations, and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. nih intends to fund an estimate of 4-6 awards, corresponding to a total of $1 million, for fiscal year 2011. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget budgets for direct costs of up to $200,000 in any single year and a project duration of up to two years may be requested for a maximum of $275,000 direct costs over the two-year project period award project period project can last up to 2 years nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HG-19-015,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? required: only accepting applications that propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. nhgri intends to commit up to $2.2m total costs in fy2020 to support one foa establishing a coordinating center ( rfa-hg-19-015 ). award budget nih intends to fund an estimated direct cost of $1.9m with genetic testing to not exceed 70% of the budget in fy2020. future year amounts will depend on the annual appropriations but are estimated to be $3.1m direct cost in fy2021 and fy2022, $1.3m direct cost in fy2023, and $570k direct cost in fy2024. genetic testing cost should not exceed 75% of direct costs in the first three years and 50% in year four. there is no genetic testing expected in year five. award project period the award period for this foa is 5 years (fy2020-2024) nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-RM-20-010,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new renewal: allowed from projects funded under rfa-rm-17-004 the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trial(s). need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the nih common fund intends to commit approximately $600,000 for fy2021 to fund up to five awards. award budget applications budgets must reflect the actual needs of the proposed project, and are limited to $115,000 direct costs per year. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 3 years. other award budget information personnel costs individuals designing, directing, and implementing the research education program may request salary and fringe benefits appropriate for the person months devoted to the program. salaries requested may not exceed the levels commensurate with the institution's policy for similar positions and may not exceed the congressionally mandated cap. (if mentoring interactions and other activities with participants are considered a regular part of an individual's academic duties, then any costs associated with the mentoring and other interactions with participants are not allowable costs from grant funds). participant costs not applicable other program-related expenses consultant costs, equipment, supplies, travel for key persons, and other program-related expenses may be included in the proposed budget. these expenses must be justified as specifically required by the proposed program and must not duplicate items generally available at the applicant institution. indirect costs indirect costs (also known as facilities & administrative [f&a] costs) are reimbursed at 8% of modified total direct costs (exclusive of tuition and fees and expenditures for equipment), rather than on the basis of a negotiated rate agreement. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-MD-08-004,ii. scientific knowledge to be gained through the ncmhd coe program it is expected that this program will produce advances in biomedical and behavioral knowledge that will be invaluable for improving minority health and for eliminating health disparities within and across the priority areas of cardiovascular disease, stroke, cancer, diabetes, hiv/aids, infant mortality, mental health, and obesity, as well as lung and liver diseases, psoriasis, scleroderma, and glomerular injury, and other diseases and conditions of public health importance. new knowledge is also expected to result from continuing research initiated under previous ncmhd coe support. healthy people 2010 identified the following six critical determinants of health: biology, behaviors, the social environment, the physical environment, policies, and access to care. it is expected that research conducted at an ncmhd center of excellence will discover knowledge on the interactions of significant biological factors with behavioral and social variables, how they affect each other, and how these interactions influence and contribute to minority health conditions and health disparities. this new knowledge is expected to lead to the development of new biopsychosocial interventions and strategies for improving minority health and eliminating health disparities. in addition to the above, ncmhd anticipates that this program will contribute to increasing the number of individuals from racial and ethnic health disparity populations 1) trained to conduct minority health and health disparities research, 2) enrolling in clinical trials, and 3) engaged in improving the health of their communities though sustained partnerships and programs with ncmhd coe institutions.
RFA-HL-11-024,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this foa will use the nih research education grant (r25) award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) (or multiple pd(s)/pi(s) if multiple pd/pi option is used) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed research education program. this foa uses just-in-time concepts ( see sf424 (r&r) application guide ) . it also uses the non-modular budget format. applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the sf424 research and related (r&r) budget component found in the application package for this foa. research education grant support is renewable. it is recommended that applicants contact the scientific/research contact listed in section vii concerning the submission of a renewal (formerly competing continuation ) application. 2. funds available because the nature and scope of the proposed research education program will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the nhlbi provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. the total project period for an application submitted in response to this funding opportunity may not exceed 5 years. although the size of award may vary with the scope of the research education program proposed, it is expected that applications will stay within the following budgetary guidelines: the maximum total direct costs should not exceed $311,088. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 . all awards are subject to the availability of funds. the estimated amount of funds available for support of projects awarded as a result of this announcement is $ 900,000 total costs for fiscal year 2011 . future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. allowable costs: allowable costs must be consistent with nih policy and be reasonable, allocable, well documented and fully justified for the research education program proposed in the application. grant funds may not be used to supplant funds otherwise available at the applicant institution, nor can they be used to circumvent or supplement funds provided to individuals supported by ruth l. kirschstein national research service award (nrsa) programs. personnel: these requested expenses must be itemized in sections a and b, as appropriate, of the research & related budget. support may be requested up to $2,000 per month total, in conjunction with the students two to three months per year research experience divided among the pd/pi, or multiple pis/pds, if applicable, and other personnel (clerical, administrative staff). funds may not be requested for the mentors. other program-related expenses: nhlbi does not allow funds for other program-related expenses such as equipment, supplies, consultants, and travel. student participant costs: undergraduate students: the salary and fringe benefits for an undergraduate student should be consistent with the institutional salary policies for employees in similar positions. institutional rates for undergraduate salary should be no more than $10 per hour plus fringe benefits, only when such benefits are provided to other employees in similar positions. an additional amount of $2,400 per student for supplies, per diem (including housing) and travel (scientific meeting and/or to and from grantee institution) may also be requested. funds may not be used to purchase any equipment . health professional students: the nih will provide health professional student compensation that: (1) conforms to the established, consistently applied salary and wage policies of the institution; and (2) reflects the percentage of time devoted to the phs-funded project. for health professional students this compensation may include salary and fringe benefits not to exceed $726 per week (see: not-od-02-017 ). additional funds up to $4,000 per student for supplies, per diem (including housing) and travel (scientific meetings and/or to and from grantee institution) may also be requested. funds may not be used to purchase any equipment. reasonable accommodations for individuals with disabilities : as part of this award, funds may be requested to make changes or adjustments in the research setting that will make it possible for an otherwise qualified employee with a disability to perform the essential functions associated with his/her role on the project. the accommodations requested under this program must be directly related to the performance of the proposed role on the research project and must be appropriate to the disabilities of the individual. some types of accommodations that might be provided include specialized equipment, assistive devices and personnel such as readers, interpreters, or assistants. in all cases, the total funds for accommodations requested must be reasonable and documentation of the disability should be included with the application. these additional funds are in excess of the expenses allowed under student/participation costs above. because the r25 mechanism is not intended as a substitute for an nrsa institutional training program (t32), costs to support full-time participants are not allowable. a full-time participant is defined for the research education program as an individual supported for 40 hours/week for a continuous, 12-month period. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs: f&a costs for the applicant organization and consortium participants will be reimbursed at 8 percent of modified total direct costs. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AI-13-010,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed renewal the oer glossary and the phs 398 application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niaid and partner ics intend to commit an estimated total of $17.9m to fund four crs awards and the current center for the coordination, analysis, and management of the macs (camacs). award budget application budget is limited to $2.4m in total costs per year, but must reflect actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the maximum project period is five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-RM-08-004,section ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity announcement (foa) will use the nih research project grant ( r01) award mechanism. the applicant will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ). specifically, if you are submitting an application through a u.s. organization with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs), use the phs398 modular budget component provided in the sf424 (r&r) application package and sf424 (r&r) application guide (see specifically section 5.4, modular budget component, of the application guide). ordinarily, a maximum of $250,000 (direct costs) per year may be requested. a larger budget request may be considered, if there is a sufficiently compelling justification, and if funds are available. u.s. applicants requesting more than $250,000 in annual direct costs and all foreign applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component found in the application package for this foa. see not-od-06-096 , august 23, 2006. both new and competing renewal applications will be accepted under this foa. it is not known at this time whether this foa will be reissued. 2. funds available with funds provided by the nih roadmap, the national institute of general medical sciences (nigms) intends to award up to $2.5 million per year, to support approximately six new or competing renewal grants. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the institutes and centers (ics) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. ordinarily, the total project period for an application submitted in response to this foa will be three years. requests for four years of support will be considered if there is a sufficiently compelling justification, and if funds are available. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. f&a costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 , november 2, 2004.
RFA-RM-20-009,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. nih intends to fund an estimate of 4-6 awards, corresponding to a total of $6,000,000 for fiscal year 2020. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the maximum project period is 3 years nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-MD-17-003,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nimhd intends to commit $ 20,000,000 in fy 2017 to fund 8-10 awards. award budget applicants must focus on basic biomedical, behavioral, and/or clinical research areas. budgets are limited to $3,000,000 or less in direct costs per year. while applications which include focus on all three research areas may request the full amount, it is anticipated that applications with focus on two research areas will request up to $2,250,000 in direct costs and those with focus on one research areas will request up to $1,500,000. significant justification is expected if requesting the maximum limit, or if making a request beyond the anticipated level for a one or two focus area application. this foa will also provide up to $500,000 in direct costs for a&r in addition to the overall direct cost cap, only in year one of the award period, as a one-time cost expenditure for a center award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DK-19-504,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed renewal applications only for the awards supported under rfa-dk-14-028 the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the following nih components intend to commit the following amounts in fy 2020: niddk and nci intend to commit $8.8 million to fund one coordination and data management center (this rfa) and up to ten clinical centers award (rfa dk-19-009). award budget application budgets are limited and should reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. application budgets will be up to $1.0 million in direct costs per year, exclusive of f&a costs for consortium and subcontract arrangements. funds to support the cdmc management of the patient enrollment cost and the study biobank are not to be included in the budget limit above as it will be provided to the cdmc on a separated supplemental request, based on the availability of funds. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-CA-16-005,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) individual fellowship application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nci intends to commit $1.4m in fy 2016 to fund up to 30 awards. award budget for the f99 phase, award budgets are composed of stipends, tuition and fees, and institutional allowance, as described below. for the k00 phase, award budgets are composed of salaries and fringe benefits, tuition and fees, research and career development support, and indirect costs, as described below. award project period for the f99/k00 award, individuals may receive up to 6 years combined support for both phases, which includes up to 2 years in the f99 fellowship phase and up to 4 years in the k00 career development phase. other award budget information stipends (f99)/ salary (k00) allowable costs: f99 phase stipends are provided as a subsistence allowance to help defray living expenses during the research training experience. the stipend level for f99 predoctoral fellows is the same as for the f31 ruth l. kirschstein national research service award (nrsa) fellows; visit nih grants policy statement: ruth l. kirschstein national research service awards for more information. individuals are required to pursue their research training on a full-time, 12-month effort, where full-time is normally defined as 40 hours per week or as specified by the sponsoring institution in accordance with its own policies. allowable costs: k00 phase nci will contribute up to $50,000 in the first year toward the salary of the career award recipient. this will be increased to $53,300 for the second year, to $56,600 for the third year, and to $59,900 for a fourth year. the total salary requested must be based on a full-time staff appointment. the salary must be consistent both with the established salary structure at the institution and with salaries actually provided by the institution from its own funds to other staff members of equivalent qualifications, rank, and responsibilities in the department concerned. if full-time, 12-month salaries are not currently paid to comparable staff members, the salary proposed must be appropriately related to the existing salary structure. confirmation of salary may be required prior to the issuance of an award. fringe benefits, based on the sponsoring institution s rate and the percent of effort, are provided in addition to salary. the sponsoring institution may supplement the nih salary contribution up to a level that is consistent with the institution's salary scale. however, supplementation may not be from federal funds unless specifically authorized by the federal program from which such funds are derived. in no case may phs funds be used for salary supplementation. institutional supplementation of salary must not require extra duties or responsibilities that would interfere with the purpose of the career award. the total salary, however, may not exceed the legislatively mandated salary cap. see: http://grants.nih.gov/grants/policy/salcap_summary.htm . tuition and fees (f99 and k00) allowable costs: f99 phase nci will contribute to the combined cost of tuition and fees at the rate in place at the time of award, at the same level set for the f31 ruth l. kirschstein national research service award (nrsa) fellowships; visit nih grants policy statement: ruth l. kirschstein national research service awards for more information. allowable costs: k00 phase nci will contribute to the combined cost of tuition and fees an amount equal to 60% of the level requested by the applicant institution, up to $4,500 per year. institutional allowance (f99)/ other program-related expenses (k00) allowable costs: f99 phase the applicant should request an institutional allowance to help defray the cost of fellowship expenses such as health insurance, research supplies, equipment, books, and travel to scientific meetings. the annual institutional allowance level for the f99 phase is the same as that provided for the f31 ruth l. kirschstein national research service award (nrsa) awards, plus a one-time additional $1500 in the first year of the f99 award to defray the travel costs to attend a mandatory nci-sponsored conference. the most recent institutional allowance levels are described via a link on the ruth l. kirschstein national research service award (nrsa) site. requests for additional costs (such as to accommodate the disabilities of a fellow) must be explained in detail and justified in the application. visit nih grants policy statement: ruth l. kirschstein national research service awards . allowable costs: k00 phase nci will contribute $3,000 per year toward the research development costs of the award recipient, which must be justified and consistent with the stage of development of the candidate and the proportion of time to be spent in research or career development activities, plus a one-time additional $1500 in the first year of the k00 award to defray the travel costs to attend a mandatory nci-sponsored conference. salary for mentors, secretarial and administrative assistants, etc. is not allowed. indirect costs (f99 and k00) allowable costs: f99 phase nci does not separately reimburse indirect costs (also known as facilities & administrative [f&a] costs) for fellowships. costs for administering the f99 awards are part of the institutional allowance. allowable costs: k00 phase indirect costs (also known as facilities & administrative [f&a] costs) are reimbursed at 8% of modified total direct costs. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-CA-20-008,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new resubmission the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nci intends to commit $2,250,000 in fy 2021 to fund 5-6 awards. award budget budgets are limited to $300,000 direct costs (excluding consortium f&a) per year. award project period the maximum project period is three years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-ES-15-016,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed phase iib competing renewal phase iib resubmission the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) sbir/sttr application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niehs intends to fund an estimate of 2-3 awards, corresponding to a total of $3m for fiscal year 2016. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget budgets up to $1m total costs per year for phase iib may be requested. phase iib budgets must be submitted in accordance with participating ic-specific budget limitations described in the current sbir/sttr program descriptions and research topics of the nih, cdc and fda. award project period project periods up to 3 years for phase iib may be requested. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-TR-15-002,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards ncats and partner ics expect to commit approximately $12m in 2016 to fund 3 awards in response to this foa. award budget application budgets are expected to be no greater than $2.4 m in direct cost. award project period awards will be made for a 7-year period nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-NS-15-009,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new revisions the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. ninds intends to commit $1.0 million in fy 2015 to fund 1 to 2 awards. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the project period is limited to 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HG-12-008,ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations, and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. nhgri intends to fund one award, with a total cost not to exceed $800,000 for fiscal year 2013. award budget individual application budgets should not exceed $800,000 total costs per year and must reflect actual needs of proposed project award project period the total award period requested for this rfa may not exceed four years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AA-09-003,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this foa will use the r01 award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts (see sf424 (r&r) application guide ) . it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ) . specifically, a u.s. organization submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs) must use the phs398 modular budget component. u.s. applicants requesting more than $250,000 in annual direct costs and all foreign applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component. 2. funds available because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the institutes and centers (ics) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. the participating organization(s) niaaa intends to commit approximately $2 m dollars in fy2009 to fund 3-5 applications. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AI-11-039,ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niaid and niddk anticipate that approximately $7.9 million in total costs (direct plus indirect costs) will be available in fy 2012 to fund approximately five to seven new or renewal awards, including awards made under the companion foa ( rfa-ai-11-040 ) for u19 applications. up to approximately $1.0 million in total costs of the $7.9 million may be used to fund and manage an opportunities pool fund. a portion of the funding for this foa and the companion foa ( rfa-ai-11-040 ), including the opportunities pool fund, is provided by the special statutory funding program for type 1 diabetes research, which is currently authorized through fy 2013. in the event this special statutory funding program is not reauthorized for fy 2014 fy 2016, grant projects supported by the special statutory funding program may not be funded beyond fy 2013. alternatively, programmatic funding reductions may be made across all or a portion of nhpcsg grants to compensate for a possible cessation of the special statutory funding program. award budget as a guideline, the approximate amount of funding in direct costs per nhpcsg award in the current funding year is $0.36 to $0.57 million for u01 awards. applicants may have valid reasons for deviating from this range, and are encouraged to discuss such deviations with the scientific/research contact listed in section vii.1 below. award project period an applicant may request a project period of up to five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DA-09-021,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this foa will use the nih small research grant (r03) award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts (see sf424 (r&r) application guide ) . it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ) . specifically, a u.s. organization submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs) must use the phs398 modular budget component. 2. funds available the niaaa and nida have set aside $1.2 million in fiscal year 2009 to fund 25 to 35 applications. a project period of up to two years and a budget for direct costs of up $25,000 per year may be requested. modular grant applications will request direct costs in $25,000 modules. soar applicants may request 1 module for a total direct cost of $25,000. commensurate facilities and administrative (f&a) costs are allowed. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-RM-13-017,ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the phs 398 application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the nih common fund intends to commit $2,225,000 in fy 2014 for a single nrmn award, contingent upon availability of funds. award budget application budgets are limited to $2,225,000 in total costs annually. award project period the project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-MH-19-410,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? required: only accepting applications that propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nih intends to fund an estimate of 4-6 awards, corresponding to a total of $2,000,000 in direct costs for fiscal year 2019 to fund this foa and the companion foas. future amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget direct costs are limited to $450,000 over the r34 project period, with no more than $225,000 in direct costs allowed in any single year. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 3 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-CA-17-010,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new resubmission the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nci intends to commit $5,000,000 in fy2018 to fund 22-24 awards. award budget direct costs are limited to $400,000 over a 3-year period, with no more than $200,000 in direct costs allowed in any single year. application budgets must reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the total project period request may not exceed 3 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AA-16-004,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niaaa intends to commit $9.2 million in fy 2017 for this foa and companion foas (rfa-aa-16-005 and rfa-aa-16-006). of this $9.2 million, $5.8 is to be committed for a consortium focused on neuroimmune mechanisms and $3.4 million for a consortium focused on stress and alcohol dependence. for this foa, niaaa expects to fund up to 15 applications. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HG-10-010,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity will use the u01 a ward mechanism(s). the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses non-modular budget formats described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). this funding opportunity will use a cooperative agreement award mechanism. in the cooperative agreement mechanism, the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) retains the primary responsibility and dominant role for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project, with nih staff being substantially involved as a partner with the principal investigator, as described under the section vi. 2. administrative requirements , "cooperative agreement terms and conditions of award". 2. funds available the nih expects to award approximately $3.5 million (total costs) over a four-year period through this announcement; an applicant may request a project period of up to four years; the nih anticipates funding one award in response to this announcement; the expected direct costs for this one award are not to exceed $550,000 per year. the anticipated start date is july 1, 2011 and the period of performance is august 1, 2011 to july 31, 2015. the estimated amount of funds available for support of this one project awarded as a result of this announcement is $825 ,000 for fiscal year 20 11 . future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation, see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. section
RFA-CA-09-017,ii. identification and evaluation of molecular profiles for risk stratification by improving pathological classification of early lesions. expansion of marker identification to predict onset of disease and risk of recurrence in order to: develop molecular markers that can augment or replace tissue-based assays; and develop markers/methods to improve current methods or modalities of detection.
RFA-AT-10-001,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this foa will use the r01 award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts (see sf424 (r&r) application guide ) . it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ) . specifically, a u.s. organization submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs) must use the phs398 modular budget component. u.s. applicants requesting more than $250,000 in annual direct costs and all foreign applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component. 2. funds available nccam intends to award up to $6 million (total costs) per year, to support approximately 8 new grants. a maximum of $300,000 (direct costs) per year may be requested and the total project period for an application submitted in response to this foa will be five years. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-MH-17-612,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new resubmission from rfa-mh-16-410 or rfa-mh-17-612 revision the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nimh intends to commit $27 million in fy 2018 to fund this foa and the companion foas listed in part 1. overview information . award budget direct costs are limited to $450,000 over the r34 project period, with no more than $225,000 in direct costs allowed in any single year. award project period the total project period for an application submitted in response to this funding opportunity may not exceed three years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DA-19-005,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? required: only accepting applications that propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nida intends to commit $2.5 million in fy 2019 to fund 5-6 awards. award budget direct costs will vary with the scope of the project. the r61 phase direct costs must not exceed $300,000 in any one year. the r33 phase direct costs must not exceed $500,000 in any one year. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum period of the combined r61 and r33 phases is 5 years, with up to 2 years for the r61 phase and up to 4 years for the r33 phase. applications with a project period of less than 5 years are encouraged where feasible. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-RM-14-008,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the total amount of funds available is $3 million per year. it is anticipated that 5 -8 projects will be supported. although the financial plans of the nih provides support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the total award period requested for this foa may not exceed five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-ES-14-010,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nih and epa intend to fund approximately 5 awards, corresponding to $5.1 million per year, for 5 years beginning in fiscal year 2015. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. epa and nih plan to concurrently fund centers with funding shared by epa and nih and managed by both epa and nih. centers will be supported by two awards: one which provides the epa portion of the budget, and a companion award which provides the nih portion of the budget. the program will be jointly managed by epa and nih. in appropriate circumstances, epa reserves the right to partially fund applications by funding discrete portions or phases of proposed projects. if epa decides to partially fund a application, it will do so in a manner that does not prejudice any applicants or affect the basis upon which the application, or portion thereof, was evaluated and selected for award, and therefore maintains the integrity of the competition and selection process. both nih and epa reserve the right to reject all applications and make no awards, or make fewer awards than anticipated and to make additional awards under this announcement, consistent with the policies of the agencies, if additional funding becomes available after the original selections are made. any additional selections for awards will be made no later than six months after the original selection decisions. the number of awards is contingent upon nih and epa appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. award budget an application may request up to $1 million total costs per year (including both direct and indirect [facilities and administrative] costs) annually for 5 years. award project period the total project period may not exceed 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-EB-21-001,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new resubmission the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s). need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nibib and nimhd intend to commit an estimated total of $2.4 million in fy22 to fund 3-4 awards. award budget application budgets are limited to $500,000 direct costs annually, not including consortia f&a. award project period four years nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-AG-19-003,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nih intends to commit $1.8 million in fy 2019 to fund 12-15 awards for this foa and its companion. the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. nih expects that at least half of the awards will be made to early stage investigators (esis) in order to meet the goal of fostering the development of early career investigators. award budget applications may request budgets of up to $100,000 in direct costs per year for up to two years. award project period the total project period may not exceed two years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-MH-11-040,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this foa will use the nih research project grant (r01) award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts (see sf424 (r&r) application guide ) . it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ) . specifically, a u.s. organization submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs) must use the phs398 modular budget component. u.s. applicants requesting more than $250,000 in annual direct costs and all foreign applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component. 2. funds available the estimated amount of funds available for support of 8-16 projects awarded as a result of this announcement is $ 5 ,000,000 for fiscal year 2011. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. applicants may request up to 4 years of support because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-CA-10-007,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity will use t he nih u01 cooperative agreement award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) or project directors/principal investigators (pds/pis) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses non-modular budget formats described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). in the cooperative agreement mechanism, the pd/pi or pds/pis retain(s) the primary responsibility and dominant role for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project, with nih staff being substantially involved as a partner with the principal investigator, as described under the section vi. 2. administrative requirements , "cooperative agreement terms and conditions of award." 2. funds available the estimated amount of set-aside funds available for the citn is $1.6 million for fiscal year 2010 and $14 million total costs over a 5-year period of the award to fund one u54 citn cosc award. future support will depend on annual appropriations. in addition to these funds, the nci has allocated $3 million to support directly the citn activities through the nci cancer trials support unit (ctsu) during the first 2 years of the program (see details below). the total project period for citn cosc applications submitted in response to this foa may not exceed 5 years. the budget requested must not exceed $1.6 million total costs in the first 2 years of the award and 3.6 million in years 3 - 5. for years 1-2 , applicants must take into account the direct allocation of the mentioned above $3 million for citn support by ctsu for the costs of data management, per capita reimbursement of patient costs, and specimen collection for all clinical trials. this direct support through ctsu is estimated to suffice for the first eight trials of citn. for years 3-5 , citn cosc applicants must budget funds for the continuing ctsu support ($6 million will be needed by the ctsu for data management, reimbursement of patient costs, and specimen collection costs in years 3 - 5). because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of the award will also vary. although the financial plans of the nci provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation, see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. section
RFA-AT-19-006,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards issuing ic and partner components intend to commit an estimated total of $3,600,000 to fund 6 to 8 awards award budget application budgets are not limited, but it is strongly recommended that applicants not request a budget of more than $300,000 in direct costs per year for the r61 phase and $600,000 in direct costs per year for the r33 phase. award project period the scope of the project should determine the project period for each phase. the maximum period of the combined r61 and r33 phases is 5 years, with 1 to 2 years for the r61 phase and up to 4 years for the r33 phase. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-AI-18-016,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. issuing ic and partner components intend to commit an estimated total of $ 3.01 million to fund 5-7 awards. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-AI-18-010,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards niaid intends to commit $5.0 million in fy 2019 to fund one (1) award. award budget recommended budgets for direct costs of up to $3.1 million per year may be requested. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum period is 7 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-HL-12-032,section ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the nhlbi intends to commit $250,000 in fy 2012 to fund 2 new awards. the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations, and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. loan repayment program (lrp): awardees under this program may be eligible to apply for the nih extramural loan repayment program. information regarding the eligibility requirements and benefits for the program may be obtained through the lrp website at http://www.lrp.nih.gov/ . award budget the estimated amount of funds available for support of two new projects awarded as a result of this announcement is $250,000 total costs for fiscal year 2012. grantees are expected to be familiar with and comply with applicable cost policies and the nrsa guidelines ( nih grants policy statement - institutional research training grants ). funds may be used only for those expenses that are directly related to and necessary for the research training not otherwise available and must be expended in conformance with omb cost principles, the nih grants policy statement , and the nrsa regulations, policies, guidelines, and conditions set forth in this document. award project period the total project period for an application submitted in response to this foa may not exceed five years. other award budget information stipends, tuition, and fees personnel costs kirschstein-nrsa awards provide stipends as a subsistence allowance to help defray living expenses during the research and clinical training experiences. nih will contribute to the combined cost of tuition and fees at the rate in place at the time of award. the most recent stipend, tuition, and fee levels are described on the ruth l. kirschstein national research service award (nrsa) site. visit nih grants policy statement: ruth l. kirschstein national research service awards for more information. trainee travel participant costs trainee travel to attend scientific meetings and workshops that the institution determines to be necessary for the individuals research training experience is an allowable trainee expense. the maximum allowable per student per year is $1,400. training related expenses other program related expenses nih will provide funds to help defray other research training expenses, such as health insurance, staff salaries, consultant costs, equipment, research supplies, and faculty/staff travel directly related to the research training program. the most recent levels of training related expenses are described on the ruth l. kirschstein national research service award (nrsa) site. visit nih grants policy statement: ruth l. kirschstein national research service awards for more information. indirect costs indirect costs (also known as facilities & administrative [f&a] costs) are reimbursed at 8% of modified total direct costs (exclusive of tuition and fees and expenditures for equipment), rather than on the basis of a negotiated rate agreement. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-EY-21-004,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials. need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nei intends to commit up to $5 million in fy2022 to fund up to 5 awards. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-RM-19-002,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nih intends to fund an estimate of 4-8 awards, corresponding to a total of approximately $3m total costs, for fiscal year 2019. the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum proposed project period is 3 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-DK-10-503,ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed renewal the oer glossary and the phs398 application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niddk will commit total cost of $2 million to fund two awards in fy2011, with the amount committed to future years depending on annual appropriations.. award budget direct costs are limited to $750,000 per year for the clinical centers and $550,000 for the data coordinating center for four years, with a larger proportion of the total funding for the dcc in the fifth and final year of the project period.. award project period the total project period for an application submitted in response to this funding opportunity may not exceed five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-CA-09-503,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this foa will use the u01 award mechanism. the multiple principal investigators (mpis) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project with n ih staff being substantially involved as a partner with the principal investigator, as described under the section vi. 2. administrative requirements , "cooperative agreement terms and conditions of award." this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses non-modular budget formats described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). this is a cooperative agreement award mechanism. in the cooperative agreement mechanism, the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) retains the primary responsibility and dominant role for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project, with nih staff being substantially involved as a partner with the principal investigator, as described under the section vi. 2. administrative requirements , "cooperative agreement terms and conditions of award." 2. funds available the total amount of funding that nci expects to award through this announcement is approximately $11 million for 3 years starting fy2009; the first year budget is expected to be approximately $3.7 million (total costs). the total project period for applications submitted in response to the present foa may not exceed 3 years. the earliest anticipated award date is july, 2009 although the financial plans of the nci provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation (see not-od-05-004 ). nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. section
RFA-DK-18-020,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new renewal resubmission the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards niddk intends to commit approximately $7.5m in fiscal year 2020 to fund 4-5 awards. award budget application budgets are limited to $1,000,000 per year in direct costs unless the applicant organization proposes to provide regional or national services as described in the funding opportunity description section of the foa. applications proposing a regional/national shared research core or expanded p and f program are limited to $1,250,000 per year in direct costs. these budget limits are exclusive of: (a) first year equipment costs, (b) direct costs on subcontracts to health departments, community health centers or other institutions/agencies that focus on underserved or health disparity populations for the purpose of establishing collaborations and providing access to the research infrastructure to investigators at these institutions to foster health disparities research in populations disproportionately affected by diabetes, and (c) facility & administrative (f&a) costs on consortium and subcontract arrangements. it is anticipated that the award budget will be directly correlated to the breadth, quality and relevance to diabetes and related areas of the research base being served by the center. award project period the project period for an application submitted to this funding opportunity may not exceed five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-AR-11-011,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity will use the p30 award mechanism(s). the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses non-modular budget formats described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). 2. funds available the niams expects to award approximately $1.8 million total in fy 2011 through this announcement. up to 3 awards are anticipated; direct costs of up to $400,000 per year may be requested; the project period will up to 5 years. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation, see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. section
RFA-NS-19-007,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new renewal revision the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trial(s) note: appointed participants are permitted to obtain research experience in a clinical trial led by a mentor or co-mentor. need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. the nih blueprint institutes intend to commit $3 million in fy2019 to fund 6-10 awards. awards issued under this foa are contingent upon the availability of funds and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. because the nature and scope of the proposed research education program will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. the total amount awarded and the number of awards will depend upon the quality, duration and costs of the applications received. award budget although the size of award may vary with the scope of the research education program proposed and there are no specific budget limitations, the requested direct costs must be reasonable, well documented, fully justified and commensurate with the scope of the proposed program. award project period the total project period for an application submitted in response to this funding opportunity may not exceed 5 years. other award budget information personnel costs individuals designing, directing, and implementing the research education program may request salary and fringe benefits appropriate for the person months devoted to the program. salaries requested may not exceed the levels commensurate with the institution's policy for similar positions and may not exceed the congressionally mandated cap. (if mentoring interactions and other activities with participants are considered a regular part of an individual's academic duties, then any costs associated with the mentoring and other interactions with participants are not allowable costs from grant funds). limited administrative and clerical salary costs distinctly associated with the program that are not normally provided by the applicant organization may be direct charges to the grant only when specifically identified and justified. salary support for the pd/pi/or combination of multiple pds/pis is limited to up to 3.6 person months (i.e., 30% on a 12-month basis), depending on person months devoted to the administration of the program. program coordinators are allowed as long as their role is clearly defined and significantly different from the roles of the pds/pis. the duties and responsibilities of the program coordinators, with strong justification, must be included in the budget justification. participant costs participants may be paid if specifically required for the proposed research education program and sufficiently justified. participant costs must be itemized in the proposed budget. salary support is allowed for sophomore, junior and/or senior year undergraduate students participating in a research experience, as long as there is an employee-employer relationship between the students and the institution. the total compensation must be reasonable and commensurate with the institutions support scale for the work performed. support for students is not provided for time spent by the students participating in this programs sponsored, non-research activities, e.g., group learning/training activities. it is a goal of this initiative that the nih blueprint institutes will convene an annual meeting that will bring together bp-endure program directors and participating students. the purpose of the meeting will be to discuss best practices and provide a forum for student scientific and academic enhancing activities. travel for attendance to this meeting should be included in the proposed budget. the application should provide a description of any cost sharing (financial and otherwise) for the off-site summer research experiences being provided by the bp-endure partnering institutions. the applicant should clearly indicate any support (financial and otherwise) being provided by the off-site institution(s) to assist in covering or defraying costs associated with the participants summer research training experiences. providing funds for summer travel and modest housing arrangements for participants in the off-site summer programs by partnering institutions is encouraged. individuals supported by nih training and career development mechanisms (k, t, or f awards) may receive, and indeed are encouraged to receive, educational experiences supported by an r25 program, as participants, but may not receive salary or stipend supplementation from a research education program. because the r25 program is not intended as a substitute for an nrsa institutional training program (e.g.,t32), costs to support full-time participants (supported for 40 hours/week for a continuous, 12-month period) are not allowable. other program-related expenses consultant costs, equipment, supplies, travel for key persons, and other program-related expenses may be included in the proposed budget. these expenses must be justified as specifically required by the proposed program and must not duplicate items generally available at the applicant institution. cost of consultants for evaluation of the program is allowed; however, if the evaluator is an employee of one of the collaborating institutions, the cost must be included in the category of key personnel salary. indirect costs indirect costs (also known as facilities & administrative [f&a] costs) are reimbursed at 8% of modified total direct costs (exclusive of tuition and fees and expenditures for equipment), rather than on the basis of a negotiated rate agreement. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-AI-20-036,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the following nih components intend to commit the following amounts in fy 2021 to fund 1 award: niaid, $ 3.5m nichd, $ 2.0m nida, $0.25m nimh, $0.5m award budget application budgets are limited to $3.5m in direct costs per year and need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the total project period must be 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-AR-12-007,ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations, and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. nih intends to fund an estimate of 2-5 awards, corresponding to a total of $ 1m for fiscal year 2012. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget direct costs are limited to $250,000 per year. award project period a project duration for up to four years may be requested. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DA-08-015,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity announcement (foa) will use the nih exploratory/developmental (r21) award mechanism. the applicant will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ). specifically, if you are a u.s. organization and are submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs), use the phs398 modular budget component provided in the sf424 (r&r) application package and sf424 (r&r) application guide (see specifically section 5.4, modular budget component, of the application guide). all foreign applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component found in the application package for this foa. see not-od-06-096 , august 23, 2006. 2. funds available because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the institutes and centers (ics) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. the national institute on drug abuse intends to commit approximately $3,000,000 dollars in fiscal year 2008 to fund a total of 10-12 new applications under this foa and the two parallel foas. the inmha will consider co-funding meritorious applications in this area involving canadian scientists and institutions. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. f&a costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 , november 2, 2004. section
RFA-HD-16-003,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. nichd intends to commit an estimated $2,000,000 in fy2016 to fund 2-8 awards through this foa and the companion r21 foa, rfa-hd-16-004 . future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget application budgets should reflect the needs of the proposed project and should not exceed direct costs of $499,999/yr. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-NS-20-006,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new renewal resubmission the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nih anticipates providing $10m per year to fund an estimated 10 to 15 awards award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-DK-19-026,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards niddk intends to commit $3,500,000 in fy 2020 and fy2021 to fund up to 25 awards. award budget applications may request budgets of up to $100,000 in direct costs per year for up to two years. award project period the maximum project period is 2 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-DK-17-028,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? required: only accepting applications that propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards niddk intends to commit up to $1.9 million in fy 2019 to fund 2-3 awards. the number of awards is contingent upon availability of funds and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. award budget application budgets are limited to $500,000 direct costs per year. budgets are expected to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 4 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-NS-12-001,section ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the following nih components intend to commit the following amounts in fy 2012: nih blueprint for neuroscience research, $300,000, for one award ninds, $240,000, for one award award budget direct costs of up to $250,000 per year may be requested. to the extent possible, the budget should be designed to defray participant costs in the years when the courses will be held... award project period the maximum period is 5 years. other award budget information personnel costs individuals designing, directing, and implementing the research education program may request salary and fringe benefits appropriate for the person months devoted to the program. salaries requested may not exceed the levels commensurate with the institution's policy for similar positions and may not exceed the congressionally mandated cap. (if mentoring interactions and other activities with students/participants are considered a regular part of an individual's academic duties, then any costs associated with the mentoring and other interactions with students/participants are not allowable costs from grant funds). while there are no caps on personnel costs beyond the standard nih policies, applicants are strongly urged to minimize personnel expenses during the years when courses will be held so that most of the funds in those years can be used to defray participant costs. participant costs to the extent possible, the budget should be designed to defray participant costs. course registration costs to participants should be covered under the proposed budget. participants in the short course may receive a per diem to help cover meals and assistance with temporary housing. expenses for participant travel must be exceptionally well justified. the participants in the short courses should be primarily independent researchers and senior-level post-doctoral researchers. individuals supported by nih training and career development mechanisms (k, t, or f awards) may receive, and indeed are encouraged to receive, educational experiences supported by the r25 mechanism, as participants, but may not receive salary or stipend supplementation from a research education program. because the r25 mechanism is not intended as a substitute for an nrsa institutional training program (t32), costs to support full-time participants (supported for 40 hours/week for a continuous, 12-month period) are not allowable. other program-related expenses consultant costs, equipment, supplies, travel for key persons, and other program-related expenses may be included in the proposed budget. these expenses must be justified as specifically required by the proposed program and must not duplicate items generally available at the applicant institution. indirect costs indirect costs (also known as facilities & administrative [f&a] costs) are reimbursed at 8% of modified total direct costs (exclusive of tuition and fees and expenditures for equipment), rather than on the basis of a negotiated rate agreement. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AG-18-004,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nia intends to commit $350,000 in fy 2018 to fund 1 award. the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations. award budget direct costs may not exceed $200,000. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HL-14-012,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed resubmission phase iib competing renewal (phase iib, formerly phase ii competing renewal) the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) sbir/sttr application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. nhlbi intends to commit $2,000,000 in fy2014. award budget budgets up to $1,000,000 total costs per year may be requested. fixed fee is included in this threshold. award project period durations up to 3 years for sbir phase iib small market award may be requested. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-CA-20-031,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials. note: appointed trainees are permitted to obtain research experience in a clinical trial led by a mentor or co-mentor. need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nci intends to commit $1.08 million in fy2021 to fund up to 4 awards and $810,000 in fy2022 to fund up to 3 awards. award budget application budgets are limited to $250,000 per year (total direct costs). award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. other award budget information stipends, tuition, and fees awards may provide stipends as a subsistence allowance to help defray living expenses during the research training experience. awards may also contribute to the combined cost of tuition and fees at u.s. or foreign institutions. stipend : trainees may be paid a stipend comparable to their professional experience. stipend for u.s. citizens and u.s. permanent residents: stipends for trainees who are u.s. citizens or permanent residents is the same as for ruth l. kirschstein national research service award (nrsa) fellowships. see: https://researchtraining.nih.gov/resources/policy-notices . stipend for lmic citizens: stipends for lmic trainees may be paid at a level comparable to their professional experience and commiserate with the institution at which they are training. tuition and fees : tuition and fees are allowable trainee costs only if such charges are applied consistently to all individuals in a similar training status at the organization, without regard to their source of support. tuition at the postdoctoral level is limited to that required for specific courses in support of the approved training program and requires nci prior approval. tuition and fees for training at u.s. institutions: nci will contribute to the combined cost of tuition and fees at the rate in place at the time of award, at the same level set for nrsa fellowships; see https://researchtraining.nih.gov/resources/policy-notices . tuition and fees for training at lmic institutions: for predoctoral and postdoctoral trainees who train at lmic institutions, a reasonable proportion of the tuition and fees may be requested not to exceed allowances for u.s. trainees. however, programs may seek cost sharing arrangements with the grantee institutions to provide reduced tuition for trainees. trainee travel trainee travel to attend scientific meetings and workshops that the institution determines to be necessary for the individuals research training experience is an allowable trainee expense for predoctoral and postdoctoral trainees. other program related expenses award will provide funds to help defray other research training expenses, such as health insurance, training equipment (up to $5000), trainee research supplies, computers and internet access, relevant journal subscriptions and publication costs and costs for short courses or workshops. for trainees who are u.s. citizens or u.s. permanent residents, research training expenses can not exceed allowances provided in nrsa fellowships. see: https://researchtraining.nih.gov/resources/policy-notices . applicants may include costs to support mentored research projects for medium- and long-term trainees as part of their training. direct costs should be limited to up to $15,000 per project per long-term trainee. similar costs for medium-term trainees should be commensurate with the amount of time spent on the research projects or the particular need for the project. these funds should not be used to support travel. trainees will not be paid directly. all costs for mentored research projects will be awarded to the applicant institution. it is expected that the u.s. institution will make necessary arrangements with the collaborating lmic institution(s) to support mentored research projects. only one project is allowed per trainee. faculty: salary for the pd(s)/pi(s), other key personnel, training faculty, and administrative staff may be requested at levels commensurate with the salary structure and benefits at the institution where they are employed and within the limits described at https://grants.nih.gov/grants/policy/salcap_summary.htm . as this is a training award, it is expected that pd(s)/pi(s) will devote between 0.6 and 1.2 person months per year. collaborators at partner institutions may receive appropriate compensation for significant contributions to activities in the program, such as trainee recruitment and selection activities, as well as leading courses, supervising research projects, or other program-related roles. funds may be requested to support faculty/staff travel directly related to the research training program, and to attend necessary training program associated meetings. support for senior/key personnel, faculty and collaborators to attend other scientific meetings and conferences is not allowed. indirect costs indirect costs (also known as facilities & administrative [f&a] costs) are reimbursed at 8% of modified total direct costs (exclusive of tuition and fees, consortium costs in excess of $25,000, and expenditures for equipment), rather than on the basis of a negotiated rate agreement. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-AI-17-042,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards niaid intends to commit $64 million in fy 2019 to fund 8-10 awards. award budget application budgets are limited to $5 million for fy2019 direct costs and need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-MH-19-150,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nimh intends to commit $6 million in fiscal year 2019 for this and companion foa rfa-mh-19-151 to fund one u24 national data coordinating center and up to five r01 epinet regional hubs per fiscal year. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget direct costs are limited to $1,000,000 in any one year. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-CA-21-059,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose independent clinical trials. note: applicants may propose to gain experience in a clinical trial led by a sponsor/co-sponsor as part of their research training. need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nci intends to commit $1.1 m to fund up to 24 awards in fy2022. award budget for the f99 phase, award budgets are composed of stipends, tuition and fees, and institutional allowance, as described below. for the k00 phase, award budgets are composed of salary and fringe benefits, other program-related expenses (these funds may be used for the following expenses: (a) tuition and fees related to career development; (b) research-related expenses, such as supplies, equipment and technical personnel; c) travel to research meetings or training; and (d) statistical services including personnel and computer time), and indirect costs, as described below. award project period for the f99/k00 award, individuals may receive up to 6 years combined support for both phases, which includes up to 2 years in the f99 fellowship phase and up to 4 years in the k00 career development phase. other award budget information stipends (f99) / salary (k00) allowable costs: f99 phase stipends are provided as a subsistence allowance to help defray living expenses during the research training experience. the stipend level for f99 predoctoral fellows is the same as for the f31 ruth l. kirschstein national research service award (nrsa) fellows. see https://researchtraining.nih.gov/programs/fellowships allowable costs: k00 phase nci will contribute up to $60,000 in the first year toward the salary of the career award recipient. this will be increased to $63,300 for the second year, to $66,600 for the third year, and to $69,900 for a fourth year. further guidance on budgeting for career development salaries is provided in the sf424 (r&r) application guide. the total salary, however, may not exceed the legislatively mandated salary cap if the source of the funds is federal. see: http://grants.nih.gov/grants/policy/salcap_summary.htm tuition and fees fellowship awards will contribute to the combined cost of tuition and fees at the rate in place at the time of award. see https://researchtraining.nih.gov/resources/policy-notices institutional allowance (f99) / other program-related expenses (k00) allowable costs: f99 phase the applicant should request an institutional allowance to help defray the cost of fellowship expenses such as health insurance, research supplies, equipment, books, and travel to scientific meetings. the annual institutional allowance level for the f99 phase is the same as that provided for the f31 ruth l. kirschstein national research service award (nrsa) awards (see https://researchtraining.nih.gov/programs/fellowships ), plus a one-time additional $1,500 in the first year of the f99 award to defray the travel costs to attend a mandatory nci-sponsored conference. allowable costs: k00 phase nci will contribute $3,000 per year toward the research development costs of the award recipient, which must be justified and consistent with the stage of development of the candidate and the proportion of time to be spent in research or career development activities, plus a one-time additional $1,500 in the first year of the k00 award to defray the travel costs to attend a mandatory nci-sponsored conference. salary for mentors, secretarial and administrative assistants, etc. is not allowed. indirect costs allowable costs: f99 phase nci does not separately reimburse indirect costs (also known as facilities & administrative [f&a] costs) for fellowships. costs for administering the f99 awards are part of the institutional allowance. see https://researchtraining.nih.gov/resources/policy-notices allowable costs: k00 phase indirect costs (also known as facilities & administrative [f&a] costs) are reimbursed at 8% of modified total direct costs. stipend levels, as well as funding amounts for tuition and fees and the institutional allowance are announced annually in the nih guide for grants and contracts, and are also posted on the ruth l. kirschstein national research service award (nrsa) webpage . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-CA-16-502,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nih intends to fund one award, corresponding to a direct cost of $300,000, for fiscal year 2017. future years' amount will depend on annual appropriations. award budget the application budget is limited to $300,000 in direct cost per year and should reflect the actual needs of the project. award project period the award project period should not exceed 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-MD-09-002,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this foa will use the s21 capacity building award mechanism. the applicant and project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. s21 capacity building awards
RFA-HL-10-018,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity will use a cooperative agreement award mechanism. in the cooperative agreement mechanism, the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) retains the primary responsibility and dominant role for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project, with nih staff being substantially involved as a partner with the principal investigator, as described under the section vi. 2. administrative requirements , "cooperative agreement terms and conditions of award." this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses non-modular budget formats described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). at this time it is not known if this foa will be reissued. 2. funds available the estimated amount of funds available for support of 1 research coordinating unit awarded as a result of this announcement is $ 800,000 in total costs for fiscal year 20 10 . nhlbi intends to commit up to $3 million in total costs over fiscal years 2010 through 2013 to support one rcu. applicants may request a project period of four years with direct costs up to $2 million over the four-year period, with a limit of $500,000 in direct cost for any single year. applicant institutions are strongly encouraged to apply for both the research center and rcu components of this program. funds for rcu staff to attend three face-to-face steering committee meetings in the first year and two meetings per year thereafter in the washington, d.c. metro area must be included in the application. funds for osmb or dsmb members and rcu staff to attend two face-to-face osmb or dsmb meetings per year must be included in the application. funds for attending an annual investigator meeting around one of the steering committee meetings must be included in the application. all meeting costs (meeting rooms, refreshments, etc.) must be included in the application. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation, see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. section
RFA-DE-18-007,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nidcr intends to commit $2 million in fy 2018 to fund 3-4 awards. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HL-21-001,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? required: only accepting applications that propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nhlbi intends to commit total costs of $2,512,000 in fy 2021. award budget application budgets are limited to $400,000 in direct costs in fy 2021, and $675,000 per year in fy 2022 through fy 2025. applications budgets should reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-HL-09-009,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity will use the nih continuing education training grant (t15) award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses non-modular budget formats described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). 2. funds available nhlbi and ncrr intend to fund up to seven grants in response to this foa. the direct cost amount for individual awards is limited to $248,000 for fiscal year 2009. the facilities and administration rate for t15 awards is eight percent. allowable costs must be consistent with nih policy and be reasonable, allocable, well documented and justified for the training program. grant funds may not be used to supplant funds or resources otherwise available at the applicant. the purchase of equipment is unallowable. the estimated amount of funds available for support of up to seven projects awarded as a result of this announcement is $ 1,739,000 for fiscal year 20 09 . future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation (see not-od-05-004 ) . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. section
RFA-DA-20-024,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? required: only accepting applications that propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nida intends to commit up to $10,000,000 in total fy 2020 funds for up to 13 node awards. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget application budgets are limited to $500,000 per year in direct costs. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. award project period the maximum project period is five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-DA-09-020,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this foa will use the nih exploratory/developmental phased innovation grant (r21/r33) award mechanism which couples the phase i (r21) and phase ii (r33) components into a single submission that is evaluated as one application. applicants using only the r21 mechanism or only the r33 mechanism will not be considered. to be eligible for the phased innovation award, the r21 phase must include well-defined, objective, and preferably quantifiable performance targets (milestones) useful for judging the success of the proposed research, as well as a credible plan for the studies in the r33 phase. the research design and methods section of the phased innovation award application must have a section labeled estimated r21 progress milestones at the end of the r21 section of the research plan (see section iv part 6, below). this section must include well-defined, objective (quantitative if possible) performance targets (milestones) for completion of the r21 phase part of the application, a discussion of the suitability of the proposed milestones for assessing success of the r21 phase work, and a discussion of the implications of successful completion of these milestones for the proposed r33 study. transition of the r21 to the r33 phase will depend upon the completion of negotiated milestones. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts (see sf424 (r&r) application guide ) . it also uses the non-modular budget formats. all applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the research and related (r&r) budget component. modular budgets are not permitted for this funding opportunity. 2. funds available funding for the total project period for an application submitted in response to this foa cannot exceed four years. support for the r21 feasibility phase can be for up to two years and is limited to $260,000 direct costs over a two year award period with no more than $200,000 in direct costs allowed in a single year. budgetary support for the r33 phase is limited to $240,000 per year in direct costs and can be for up to three years, depending upon the length of the r21 phase. separate detailed (non-modular) budgets are required for the r21 and r33 phases. nida expects a maximum of 50-70% of the initially funded applications will eventually progress to the r33 phase. funding of the r33 phase will be based on program priorities, the availability of funds, and successful completion of negotiated milestones within the r21 phase, as determined by nida program staff in the context of the review recommendations. nida anticipates committing approximately $2,000,000 in fiscal year 2009 to support 7-10 applications in response to this foa. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AI-08-006,ii. award information 1. mechanism(s) of support this funding opportunity announcement will use the u19 award mechanism. as an applicant, you will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this funding opportunity uses the just-in-time budget concepts. it also uses the non-modular budget format described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). a detailed categorical budget for the "initial budget period" and the "entire proposed period of support" is to be submitted with the application. the nih u19 is a cooperative agreement award mechanism. in the cooperative agreement mechanism, the principal investigator retains the primary responsibility and dominant role for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project, with nih staff being substantially involved as a partner with the principal investigator, as described under the section vi. 2. administrative requirements , "cooperative agreement terms and conditions of award". at this time, the niaid has not determined whether this funding opportunity will be reissued. 2. funds available the niaid and nimh intend to commit approximately $4.5 million ($4.0 million ~niaid and $0.5 million ~ nimh) dollars in fy 2009 to fund 2-3 new applications in response to this foa. an applicant may request a project period of up to 4 years for applications without pre-phase 1 clinical trials, and up to 5 years for applications with pre-phase 1 clinical trials. the budget should reflect the proposed research activity. budget requests may not exceed the stated upper limits for each of the categories below. the total annual direct costs for current ipcp htm awards with the following activities range from: $0.5 million to $0.9 million for basic and preclinical research $0.9 million to $1.2 million for basic and preclinical research that involves non-human primate studies designed to assess the efficacy or safety of a microbicide candidate or strategy $1.2 million to $1.6 million for awards involving exploratory pre-phase 1 clinical trials applications with budget requests in excess of the stated upper limits will be considered non-responsive and will not be reviewed. the anticipated start date for awards is march 2009. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) is to provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation; see not-od-05-004 .
RFA-AI-20-077,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards issuing ic and partner component intend to commit an estimated total of $7.6m in fy 2022 to fund 3 - 4 awards. award budget application budgets are limited to $500,000 in direct costs per year and must reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-AI-15-019,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niaid intends to commit $2.0 m in fy 2016 to fund 4 - 5 awards. award budget application budgets are limited to $350,000 per year in direct costs. applicants may request up to an additional $150,000 in direct costs per year in any year when research in nonhuman primate or humanized mice models is proposed and justified. award project period applicants should submit a 4 year r01 application, and are required to identify go/ no-go decision criteria to be achieved as deliverables for the year 2 progress report. achievement of the stated goal(s) (go) will enable continuation of the r01 for a total of 4 years, while failure to achieve the stated goal(s) (no-go) will result in negotiation of a reduced budget for year 3 and award close out. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DA-18-014,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new resubmission revision the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nida intends to fund an estimate of 1 to 2 awards, corresponding to a total of $3,000,000 for fiscal year 2018. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. application budgets may not exceed $2,000,000 in direct cost. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AR-14-001,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the phs 398 application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niams intends to fund an estimate of 4 awards, corresponding to a total of $1.6m direct costs ($2.4m total costs) in fy 2014. the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations, and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget direct costs of up to $400,000 per year may be requested. this covers an administrative core, two or more research cores, and an enrichment program. the direct costs for the enrichment program must range from a minimum of $30,000 up to $100,000. award project period scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum period is five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-RM-17-020,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new resubmission revision the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the nih common fund intends to commit up to a total of $500,000 per year for up to 4 years. nih intends to fund 1 award. the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. award budget application budgets are limited to $500,000 total costs per year, and must reflect actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 4 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-TW-21-001,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s). need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards fic and partner components intend to commit an estimated total of $4.2 million for fy2022 for the combined linked (u01 and u2r) awards, corresponding to approximately seven linked hub awards. the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. award budget the application budget should be developed in close coordination with the linked u2r research training application ( rfa-tw-21-002) because the combined budget for both linked applications cannot exceed $600,000 in total costs per year (including 8% f&a), and at least 50% of the combined budget must be in the lmic's u01 application. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-AR-22-001,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards niams intends to commit $7.5 million in fy 2022 to fund a maximum of five awards. the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. award budget application budgets are limited to $1m direct costs per year. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-DE-12-001,section ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards for this funding opportunity, the nidcr intends to make available up to $3 million to fund approximately 8-10 awards award budget applicants may request up to $350,000 in direct costs for the total project period for planning and pilot data collection for a behavioral or social intervention trial. award project period the r34 grant will provide up to two years of support nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. section
RFA-RM-15-015,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nih intends to fund up to 7 awards in fy2016. the amount of funds available for these awards is $1,050,000 for fy2016, and a total of approximately $41,500,000 for fiscal years 2017-2021. actual amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget application budgets are limited to $100,000 direct costs for the first year. adult clinical center application budgets are limited to $1,000,000 direct costs in each of years 2 through 5, and to $400,000 direct costs in year 6. pediatric clinical center application budgets are limited to $600,000 direct costs for each of years 2 through 5, and to $250,000 direct costs in year 6. budgets should reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period applicants should request a project duration of six years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AA-21-004,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials. need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards niaaa intends to commit a combined $1 million in total costs to fund applications in response to this foa and its companion foas, rfa-aa-21-002 and rfa-aa-21-003 for fy 2021. for this r21 rfa, niaaa expects to fund up to three awards. award budget the combined budget for direct costs for the two-year project period may not exceed $275,000. application budgets are limited to $150,000 in any single year, and must reflect the actual needs of the project. award project period the maximum project period is two years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-AI-21-004,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials. need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards niaid intends to commit $3,800,000 in fy 2022 to fund four to six awards. award budget application budgets should not exceed $500,000 per year in direct costs. it is required that at least 65% of the annual direct costs should be committed for field work and related research activities at the endemic sites. awards are contingent upon the availability of funds and submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-CA-15-004,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new resubmission the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nci intends to fund an estimate of 5 awards, corresponding to a total of $1,200,000, for fiscal year 2016. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget direct costs are limited to $400,000 over a 3-year period, with no more than $200,000 in direct costs allowed in any single year. application budgets must reflect actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the total project period request may not exceed 3 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DK-18-515,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed renewal applications only for the awards supported under rfa-dk-13-507 the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the niddk intend to commit $300,000 in fiscal year 2019 to support the mapp research network tissue and technology core (tatc). future years are contingent upon annual appropriation. award budget the tatc may request funds up to $200,000 in direct costs in the first year and up to $100,000 direct costs per year for each of year two and three of the three-year project period. the application budget for the mapp network tissue and technology core (tatc) must reflect the actual needs of the proposed study. award project period the scope of the proposed study should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 3 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-DK-17-022,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards niddk intends to commit up to $4 million to fund 4-6 awards in fy 2018. the number of awards is contingent upon availability of funds and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. award budget application budgets are limited to $550,000 direct costs per year. budgets are expected to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the maximum project period is 4 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-AI-08-053,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this foa will use the r01 award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts (see sf424 (r&r) application guide ) . it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ) . specifically, a u.s. organization submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs) must use the phs398 modular budget component. u.s. applicants requesting more than $250,000 in annual direct costs and all foreign applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component. 2. funds available niaid intents to commit approximately $10m in total costs for this foa in fiscal year 2009 to fund 20-30 applications. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds. support may be requested for up to $350,000 per year in direct costs over a five year period. applicants may request up to an additional $150,000 in direct costs per year in any year when non-human primate research is proposed and adequately justified. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HL-09-012,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this foa will use the r01 award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts (see sf424 (r&r) application guide ) . it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ) . specifically, a u.s. organization submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs) must use the phs398 modular budget component. u.s. applicants requesting more than $250,000 in annual direct costs and all foreign applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component. 2. funds available the nhlbi intends to commit approximately $3,000,000 in fiscal year 2009 to fund 4-6 applications. budget for direct costs up to $325,000 per year for project duration of up to four years may be requested. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-CA-16-007,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new renewal (but only of the betrnet coordinating center award funded under rfa-ca-10-015) the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nci intends to fund 1 coordinating center award, corresponding to direct costs not exceeding $250,000 for fiscal year 2017. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget application budgets must reflect the actual needs of the proposed project but must not exceed $250,000 per year in direct costs. award project period the total project period for an application submitted in response to this foa may not exceed 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DK-12-508,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement application types allowed renewal the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niddk intends to commit $7.92 million dollars in fy 2013 for this program. award budget application budgets are not limited, but must reflect actual needs of the proposed project according to the plans for the third project period of the cric study. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AA-20-012,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed renewal new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards a total of $10 million will be committed to this foa and companion foas. of this $10 million, $5 million will be dedicated to each consortium. for this e foa , up to $500 thousand will be committed to each of two consortia. we anticipate supporting 6 awards through this foa. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-AA-11-006,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the phs398 application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niaaa intends to commit up to $7.8 million to fund one consortium in fy2011 and 4.7 million to fund a second consortium in fy2012. award budget no more than $5.1 million per year in direct costs may be requested in fy2011 for the first consortium (i.e., cluster of research component projects plus resource-related and administrative cores) and no more than $3.4 million may be requested in fy2012 for the second consortium.. award project period the total project period for an application submitted in response to this funding opportunity may not exceed five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. section
RFA-HD-05-019,section ii. award information 1. mechanism(s) of support this funding opportunity will use the nih cooperative clinical research (u10) award mechanism f or the clinical sites and the nih cooperative research project (u01) award mechanism for the data coordinating center. as an applicant, you will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this funding opportunity uses the just-in-time budget concepts. it also uses the non-modular budget format described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). a detailed categorical budget for the "initial budget period" and the "entire proposed period of support" is to be submitted with the application. the nih ( u10 and u01 ) is a cooperative agreement award mechanism. in the cooperative agreement mechanism, the principal investigator retains the primary responsibility and dominant role for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project, with nih staff being substantially involved as a partner with the principal investigator, as described under the section vi. 2. administrative requirements , "cooperative agreement terms and conditions of award". 2. funds available the participating ic(s) nichd, niddk, and orwh intend to commit approximately $ 3.4 million in fy 2006 to fund six to eight new and/or competing continuation grants in response to this rfa for clinical sites, in addition to 1 new or competing continuation grant for the data coordinating center (dcc). an applicant for a clinical site may request a project period of up to 5 years and a budget for direct costs associated with base costs up to $125,000 per year. an applicant for the dcc may request a project period of up to 5 years and a budget for direct costs up to $850,000 per year; in addition, the dcc should request not more than $1,000,000 total costs per year in the patient care category for distribution of per-protocol costs to the clinical sites for approved protocols. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation, see not-od-05-004 .
RFA-CA-19-032,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new resubmission only of rfa-ca-15-012 the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nci intends to commit $4,000,000 in fy 2021 to fund 6-8 awards. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed r01 project. award project period the total project period may not exceed 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-NR-13-002,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards ninr intends to commit an estimated $2 million, for up to six awards, split between this foa and the parallel foa of identical scope, rfa-nr-13-003 for fy 2013, contingent on available funds. award budget application budgets are limited to $350,000 in direct costs in any year, not including consortium f&a costs. award project period the total project period for an application submitted in response to this funding opportunity may not exceed 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-GM-15-006,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. the following nih components intend to commit the following amounts in fy 2015: nigms intends to fund 6 to 7 awards, corresponding to a total of $1,000,000, for fiscal year 2015 nci, up to $450,000, to fund up to 3 awards. nidcr, up to $300,000, to fund up to 2 awards. nei, up to $300,000, to fund up to 2 awards. ninds, up to $300,000, to fund up to 2 awards. niaaa, up to $150,000, to support up to 1 award. nia, up to $150,000, to support up to 1 award. nccam, up to $150,000, to fund up to 1 award. orip, up to $150,000, to support up to 1 award. nida, up to $150,000, to support up to 1 award. award budget application budgets may request up to $150,000 in total costs to cover the entire award period, but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period applications may request award periods of up to five years. other award budget information personnel costs individuals designing, directing, and implementing the research education program may request salary and fringe benefits appropriate for the person months devoted to the program. salaries requested may not exceed the levels commensurate with the institution's policy for similar positions and may not exceed the congressionally mandated cap. (if mentoring interactions and other activities with participants are considered a regular part of an individual's academic duties, then any costs associated with the mentoring and other interactions with participants are not allowable costs from grant funds). participant costs not applicable other program-related expenses consultant costs, equipment, supplies, travel for key persons, and other program-related expenses may be included in the proposed budget. these expenses must be justified as specifically required by the proposed program and must not duplicate items generally available at the applicant institution. indirect costs indirect costs (also known as facilities & administrative [f&a] costs) are reimbursed at 8% of modified total direct costs (exclusive of tuition and fees and expenditures for equipment), rather than on the basis of a negotiated rate agreement. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-CA-20-030,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nci intends to commit $3.9 million in fy 2021 to fund up to 3awards. award budget application budgets are limited to $750,000 direct costs per year in years 1 and 2. budgets in years 3-6 are not limited but must reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the proposed project period for the initial development phase (ug3) must not exceed 2 years and the total duration of the ug3/uh3 phases combined may not exceed 6 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-HG-10-009,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity will use the u01 award mechanism (s). the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses non-modular budget formats described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). this funding opportunity will use a cooperative agreement award mechanism. in the cooperative agreement mechanism, the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) retains the primary responsibility and dominant role for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project, with nih staff being substantially involved as a partner with the principal investigator, as described under the section vi. 2. administrative requirements , "cooperative agreement terms and conditions of award". 2. funds available the nhgri expects to award approximately $22 million (total costs) over a four-year period through this announcement; an applicant may request a project period of up to four years; the nhgri anticipates funding up to 8 awards in response to this announcement; the expected direct costs for each individual research group award are not to exceed $500,000 per year; the anticipated start date is july 01, 2011 and the period of performance is august 01, 2011 to july 31, 2015 . the estimated amount of funds available for support of up to 8 projects awarded as a result of this announcement is $ 5.0 million for fiscal year 20 11 . future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation, see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. section
RFA-HL-14-015,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications it is estimated that approximately $53 million (total costs) will be awarded to the ccc over a 7-year period. one ccc will be funded by this award. award budget application budgets are limited to a maximum of $857,142 (direct costs) for the first year excluding patient care costs. budgets for years 2 through 7 are limited to a maximum of $1,123,809 (direct costs) related to core activities. budgets should also include patient care costs for $7,280,000 in each of years 2 through 6 and $3,300,000 in year 7. budgets need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the total project period for an application submitted in response to this funding opportunity may not exceed 7 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AG-18-006,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new resubmission the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nia intends to fund an estimate of 7 to 10 awards, corresponding to a total of $2.4 million, for fiscal year 2018. the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. award budget award budgets are composed of salary and other program-related expenses, as described below and are limited to $225,000 in direct costs in any year. include funds in the budget to travel to an annual domestic meeting for beeson scholars. award project period the total project period may not exceed 5 years. other award budget information salary nih will contribute up to the legislative limit per year toward the salary of the career award recipient. further guidance on budgeting for career development salaries is provided in the sf424 (r&r) application guide. salary must be within the overall direct cost limit of $225,000. other program-related expenses nia will contribute at least $30,000 per year toward the research development costs of the award recipient, which must be justified and consistent with the stage of development of the candidate and the proportion of time to be spent in research or career development activities. salary for mentors, secretarial and administrative assistants, etc. is not allowed. indirect costs indirect costs (also known as facilities & administrative [f&a] costs) are reimbursed at 8% of modified total direct costs. nih grant policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AG-19-009,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? required: only accepting applications that propose clinical trial(s). need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. nih intends to fund an estimate of 1 award, corresponding to a total of $6 million for fiscal year 2019; $12 million for fiscal year 2020; $12 million for fiscal year 2021; $12 million for fiscal year 2022; and $12 million for fiscal year 2023. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-CA-21-013,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new resubmission the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nci intends to commit $1,240,000 in fy 2022 to fund 6 awards. award budget direct costs are limited to $275,000 over a two year period. no more than $200,000 may be requested in any single year. award project period the maximum project period is two years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-DC-13-001,section ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new renewal resubmission the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nidcd intends to commit $1m to make 1-2 awards in fy2013. nidcd anticipates making 1-2 awards fy2014, contingent on future year funding. award budget application budgets are not limited, but need to reflect actual needs of the proposed project. award project period scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-CA-20-052,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? required: only accepting applications that propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nci intends to commit ~$2.74 million in direct costs in fy 2022 to fund one award. award budget application budget is not limited but needs to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project and must not exceed $2,742,237 /year (direct costs) and $13,711,185 (direct costs) over 5 years. award project period 5 years nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-RM-16-004,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nih intends to commit approximately $80 million for approximately 33 awards in fiscal year 2017. the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. award budget awards are multi-year funded, with all funds being disbursed in the first year of the award. awards will be up to $1,500,000 in direct costs (the equivalent of $300,000 in direct costs each year for five years) plus applicable facilities and administrative (f&a) costs to be determined at the time of award. award project period due to multi-year funding reporting requirements, projects must end june 30, 2022. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-MH-17-608,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new resubmission of rfa-mh-16-420 and rfa-mh-17-608 revision the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nimh intends to commit $27 million in fy 2018 to fund this foa and the companion foas listed in part 1. overview information . award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years; however, applicants are strongly encouraged to limit their proposed project period to 3-4 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-MD-20-005,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the following nih components intend to commit the following amounts in fy2020: nimhd intends to commit $500,000 in fy2020 to fund 2-3 awards. nci intends to commit $500,000 in fy2020 to fund 2-3 awards. nimh intends to commit $300,000 in fy2020 to fund 1 award. the odp intends to commit $100,000 in fy2020 in co-funding. the sgmro intends to commit $500,000 in fy2020 in co-funding. award budget the combined budget for direct costs for the 2-year project period may not exceed $275,000. no more than $200,000 may be requested in any single year. award project period the maximum project period is 2 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-AI-07-037,ii. award information 1. mechanism(s) of support this funding opportunity will use the nih challenge grant (rc1) award mechanism. the rc1 grant is used by niaid to support accelerated product research and development efforts in targeted areas. as an applicant, you will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. a detailed categorical budget for the "initial budget period" and the "entire proposed period of support" is to be submitted with the application. note: requested 18 month budget should be prepared using one set of sf 424 research & related budget forms . all 18 months of funding should be requested within the initial budget period budget period. 2. funds available niaid/barda intend to commit approximately $4.0 million in fy 2008 to support research and development projects under this initiative. applicants may request up to $1 million in total costs for a project period not to exceed eighteen months. although the financial plans of niaid provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications.
RFA-RM-19-004,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new resubmission the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nih intends to fund an estimate of 10-15 awards, corresponding to a total of $3,000,000 award budget application budgets are limited to $200,000 direct costs per year. award project period the project may not exceed 3 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-HD-07-022,ii. award information . 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity announcement (foa) will use the nih research project grant ( r01) award mechanism. the applicant will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ). specifically, if you are a u.s. organization and are submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs), use the phs398 modular budget component provided in the sf424 (r&r) application package and sf424 (r&r) application guide (see specifically section 5.4, modular budget component, of the application guide). all foreign applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component found in the application package for this foa. see not-od-06-096 , august 23, 2006. 2. funds available because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the nichd and nimh provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. nichd intends to commit approximately $2 million in total costs [direct plus facilities and administrative (f&a) costs] in fiscal year 2008 to fund six to eight applications in response to this rfa. an applicant may request a total project period of up to five years and direct costs of up to $250,000 per year. nimh intends to contribute $300,000 to support one r01 application under this rfa. nimh within this context is specifically interested in proposals that investigate the interaction between hiv, nutrition and neurobehavioral development in infants and children born to hiv positive mothers. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. f&a costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 , november 2, 2004. section
RFA-DA-10-004,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this foa will use the r01 award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts (see sf424 (r&r) application guide ) . it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ) . specifically, a u.s. organization submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs) must use the phs398 modular budget component. u.s. applicants requesting more than $250,000 in annual direct costs and all foreign applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component. 2. funds available the estimated amount of funds available for support of 4-5 awards as the result of this announcement is $2,000,000 in fy2010. this level of support is dependent on the receipt of a sufficient number and diversity of applications of high scientific merit because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds. direct costs are limited to $500,000 per year for a five-year period . facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-MH-12-140,ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the participating ics intent to commit approximately $500,000 in fy 2012 to fund 2-3 awards. award budget direct costs are limited to $275,000 over a 2-year project period, with no more than $200,000 in direct costs allowed in any single year. award project period the maximum project period is 2 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-MD-18-003,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nimhd intends to commit $2,000,000 in fy 2018 to fund 3-4 awards. award budget application budgets are limited to $350,000 direct costs annually. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-DA-17-024,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. nih intends to fund an estimate of 3-5 awards, corresponding to a total of $4 million, for fiscal year 2017. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the total project period may not exceed 2 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HL-18-030,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nih intends to commit total funds of up to $28,000,000 in fy 2019 and anticipates issuing up to 15 awards for projects submitted to this foa and the three companion funding opportunities listed in this foa. award budget the total budget (federal award and non-federal matching contributions) should reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. while annual project budgets should reflect the actual costs anticipated in each year, the federal share of this award must not exceed $250,000 in direct costs per year. the recipient is required to provide at least a 1:1 match of the federal funds requested (for direct and indirect/f&a costs) in the form of non-federal contributions. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period will be up to 2 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-ES-21-001,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new resubmission the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards niehs intends to commit $3 million per year in fiscal years 2021, 2022, and 2023 to fund 5-6 awards. award budget the budget for direct costs is composed of two elements - research direct costs and career enhancement costs. for most applications, the budget for research direct costs should be limited to $250,000 per year. with strong justification, research projects which have inherently higher costs may request direct costs of up to $400,000 per year. career enhancement direct costs are limited to $250,000 direct costs, which can be distributed over the 5-year award period. note: the total direct cost budget (research plus career enhancement) may not exceed $475,000 in any year of the award. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-AG-14-001,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nia and ods intend to commit $1 million in fy 2014 and $1.72 million in fy 2015-2019 for an estimated total of $9.6 million to make one award award budget the funds available shown above reflect the total costs allowed. award project period six years nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AI-20-035,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the following nih components intend to commit the following amounts in fy 2021 to fund 4-6 awards: niaid, $27.5m nida, $1.25 m nimh, $1 m niddk, $1 m ninds, $0.75 m nhlbi, $1 m award budget application budgets are limited to $3.5 million direct costs per year and should reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the total project period must be 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-DK-10-009,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity will use the p30 award mechanism(s). the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses non-modular budget formats described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). 2. funds available the estimated amount of funds available for support of up to seven cdtrs awarded as a result of this announcement is $ 3,000,000 for fiscal year 20 11 . future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. an applicant may request a project period of up to 5 years and a budget for direct costs up to $200,000 per year. cdtrs can exceed the direct cost cap by the amount of a subcontract to a minority serving institutions. additional funds are available if the cdtr includes a pilot and feasibility program ($50k direct costs) and/or the cdtr includes a plan to provide core resources/services regionally or nationally ($100k direct costs). because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation, see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. section
RFA-AI-11-001,section ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the phs398 application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niaid intends to commit an estimated total of $2.9m for 4-6 awards award budget direct costs are limited to $540,000 for the first year of the award. in subsequent years of the award, applicants may request recommended levels limited to 3% escalation costs. a maximum of 15% of the requested budget may be used to fund institutions in, and consultants from, high-economy countries. . award project period the total project period for an application submitted in response to this funding opportunity may not exceed five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. section
RFA-AI-08-015,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity will use the nih cooperative agreement (u01) award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses non-modular budget formats described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). this funding opportunity will use a cooperative agreement award mechanism. in the cooperative agreement mechanism, the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) retains the primary responsibility and dominant role for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project, with nih staff being substantially involved as a partner with the principal investigator, as described under the section vi. 2. administrative requirements , "cooperative agreement terms and conditions of award". plans for this cooperative agreement program beyond the current funding opportunity are indefinite. 2. funds available the estimated amount of funds available for support of 3-4 projects awarded as a result of this announcement is $ 7 million for fiscal year 2009. an applicant may request a project period of up to 5 years and a budget for direct costs up to $1.5 million per year. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation, see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. section
RFA-AR-19-029,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? required: only accepting applications that propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards niams intends to commit $1.3m to fund up to 8 awards in phase i in fy2019. niams expects to support up to five uh3 awards. award budget application budgets are limited to $200,000 direct costs for the entire ug3 planning phase. application budgets for the uh3 phase are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period for the ug3 phase is two years, and the maximum project period for the uh3 phase is four years. the duration of the combined ug3/uh3 award cannot exceed five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-DK-15-502,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niddk intends to commit up to $7.1 million in fiscal year 2016 to support the continuation of the look ahead under rfa-dk-15-501 and rfa-dk-15-502. it is expected that one award will be made for a biostatistics research center under this foa. up to 15 clinical centers will be awarded under the companion rfa-dk-15-501 . award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-GM-15-002,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nih intends to fund an estimate of one award, corresponding to approximately $2.4 million total costs for fiscal year 2015. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget an applicant may request a budget of up to $1.6 million direct costs per year (excluding consortium f&a and equipment). budgets should reflect the actual needs of the proposed resource. award project period an applicant may request a project period of up to four years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-GM-09-007,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this foa will use the nih research project grant (r01) award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts (see sf424 (r&r) application guide ) . it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ) . specifically, a u.s. organization submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs) must use the phs398 modular budget component. all foreign applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component. 2. funds available the national institute of general medical sciences intends to commit approximately 1.6 million dollars in fiscal year 2009 to fund 3-4 applications. pis may request a project period of up to four years and a budget of up to $250,000 in direct costs in each year, plus applicable facilities and administrative costs. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DA-06-007,section ii. award information 1. mechanism(s) of support this funding opportunity will use the r01 research project grant and the r03 small grant award mechanisms. for the purpose of this rfa, the r03 mechanism is intended only for pilot, feasibility studies or small, self-contained studies that can be completed in a short period of time. the r01 mechanism is intended for hypothesis-drive and discovery-based studies for which feasibility can be demonstrated or preliminary data exists. as an applicant, you will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this funding opportunity uses just-in-time concepts. it also uses the modular budget format described in the phs 398 application instructions (see https://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ). 2. funds available the participating organizations, the national institute on drug abuse and the institute of neurosciences , mental health and addiction of the canadian institutes of health research intend to commit $2,000,000 during fy2006. the anticipated number of awards is 7-9. an applicant may request a project period of up to 5 years if applying for an r01 and up to 2 years if applying for an r03. the r03 applications are limited to $100,000 direct costs per year. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of nida provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this rfa are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. the institute of neurosciences, mental health and addiction (inmha) of the canadian institute for health research (cihr) will consider meritorious applications, relevant to their missions, involving canadian institutions. the earliest anticipated start date is september 2006. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation, see not-od-05-004 .
RFA-DK-18-008,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards niddk intends to commit $1,000,000 in fy 2019 to fund 1 award. it is expected that one award will be made, contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of one or more meritorious applications. award budget application budget is limited to approximately $650,000 in direct costs. awards for all years may vary based on available funds and network activity. budget for all years must reflect the actual needs of the proposed project?. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-AT-20-002,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? required: only accepting applications that propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nccih intends to commit $2,250,000 in fy 2020 to fund 1 award. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period up to 5 years of funding may be requested. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-TR-14-009,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvements means that, after award, nih staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new - all applications, including those from institutions that currently have a ctsa award, will be considered as new applications. the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards ncats intends to commit approximately $110 million in fy 2015 to fund up to 21 awards in response to this foa. award budget application budgets for the u and k awards are expected to be between $4m and $10m. within that range, support is limited to 2.5% of total fy13 institutional nih funding. budgets for the t awards are based on the number of trainees and considered separately. award project period awards may be issued for up to 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HG-20-001,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the following nih components intend to commit the following amounts in fy 2021: nhgri intends to commit up to $5m in total costs to fund 3-5 awards. nci intends to commit $1m in total costs to fund 1 award. award budget future year amounts per award will depend on annual appropriations but total costs are estimated to be $1m in fy2022, $1m in fy2023, $1m in fy2024, and $1m in fy2025 per award. award project period the award period for this foa is 5 years (fy2021-2025). nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-DK-10-006,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity will use the u24 award mechanism(s). the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses non-modular budget formats described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). this funding opportunity will use a cooperative agreement award mechanism. in the cooperative agreement mechanism, the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) retains the primary responsibility and dominant role for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project, with nih staff being substantially involved as a partner with the principal investigator, as described under the section vi. 2. administrative requirements , "cooperative agreement terms and conditions of award". plans for renewal of this opportunity beyond this award period are currently indefinite, and will depend on institute needs and availability of funds. 2. funds available the niddk and nhlbi intend to commit approximately $4,310,000 in fy 2011 to fund four to six new or continuing mmpc awards in response to this foa. an applicant may request a project period of up to five years and a budget of up to $600,000 direct costs per year for each of five years. the estimated amount of funds available for support of four to six projects awarded as a result of this announcement is $4,310,000 for fiscal year 2011. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation, see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. section
RFA-AA-07-007,section ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity announcement (foa) will use the nih research project grant ( r01) award mechanism. the applicant will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ). specifically, if you are a u.s. organization and are submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs), use the phs398 modular budget component provided in the sf424 (r&r) application package and sf424 (r&r) application guide (see specifically section 5.4, modular budget component, of the application guide). all foreign applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component found in the application package for this foa. see not-od-06-096, august 23, 2006. competing renewal (formerly competing continuation ) applications will not be accepted. at this time, it is not known if this foa will be reissued. 2. funds available because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the institutes and centers (ics) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. the participating organization(s) niaaa intends to commit approximately $ 1 million dollars in fiscal year 2007 to fund 1-4 applications. applications are limited to no more than $250,000 direct costs per year under this initiative. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. f&a costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 , november 2, 2004.
RFA-CA-17-041,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nci intends to commit approximately $4.0 million in fy 2018, contingent upon receiving scientifically meritorious applications. up to four awards are anticipated from this foa. clinical trial? clinical trials not allowed for due dates on or after january 25, 2018: only accepting applications that do not propose independent clinical trials award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AA-12-009,ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations, and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. niaaa intends to commit $2.5 million in fy 2012 for up to 4 awards. award budget application budgets are not limited, but need to reflect actual needs of the proposed project. award project period scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AI-18-057,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards niaid intends to commit $3.86m in fy 2020 to fund 3-4 awards award budget application budgets are limited to $640,000 in direct costs per year for the r61 award phase and $860,000 in direct costs per year for the r33 award phase. award project period the total project period for an application submitted in response to this foa is five years. applicants may request up to two years of support for the r61 phase, and up to three years of support for the r33 phase. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-CA-20-049,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nci and niehs intend to commit $6.5 million in fy 2021 to fund approximately five awards. award budget application budgets are limited to $750,000 direct costs per year in years 1 and 2. budgets in years 3-6 are not limited but must reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the proposed project period for the initial development phase (ug3) must not exceed 2 years and the total duration of the ug3/uh3 phases combined may not exceed 6 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-AA-17-001,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niaaa intends to commit $11.8 m in total cost in fy 2017 to fund 5-6 awards in response to this foa and the companion foa rfa-aa 17-002 (p60). award budget applications may not exceed $1.15 million in direct costs per year. award project period applications may request a project period of up to five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-CA-11-012,section ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nci appropriations, and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. nci intends to fund an estimate of approximately 12 awards, corresponding to a total of up to $5 - $7.5 million, for fiscal year 2012. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget the combined budget for direct costs for the two year project period may not exceed $275,000. no more than $200,000 may be requested in any single year. application budgets must reflect actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the total project period may not exceed 2 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-OD-08-002,ii. table of contents (phs 398 form, page 3) the table of contents should specifically list the locations of the overall budget, biographical sketches and various narrative sections.
RFA-RR-10-009,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this foa will use the nih exploratory/developmental research grant (r21) award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts (see sf424 (r&r) application guide ) . it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ) . specifically, a u.s. organization submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs) must use the phs398 modular budget component. 2. funds available ncrr intends to commit approximately $1 million dollars in fy2011 to fund five to eight applications. the total project period for an application submitted in response to this foa may not exceed three years. direct costs are limited to $125,000 per year. applicants may request direct costs in $25,000 modules. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-OD-09-008,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this foa will use the rc 3 award mechanism . the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts (see sf424 (r&r) application guide ) . it also uses the non-modular budget format. 2. funds available this initiative is supported by funds provided to the nih under the american recovery & reinvestment act of 2009 ( recovery act or arra ), public law 111-5. contingent upon the submission of a sufficient number of scientifically meritorious applications, nih intends to commit a t least $35 million in response to this foa. we anticipate that at least 10 awards will be made in fiscal year 2010, pending the number and quality of applications and availability of funds. budget proposals are limited to $ 1 million total costs per year over three years. because the nature and scope of the research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds. the purpose of the recovery act is to stimulate the american economy through job preservation and creation, infrastructure investment, energy efficiency and science, and other means. consistent with these goals, domestic (united states) institutions/organizations planning to submit applications that include foreign components should be aware that requested funding for any foreign component should not exceed 10% of the total requested direct costs or $25,000 per year (aggregate total for a subcontract or multiple subcontracts), whichever is less . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. note that under this foa, funds cannot be paid as profit to any recipient. profit is any amount in excess of allowable direct and indirect costs. in addition, program income earned during the project period cannot be added to funds committed to the project/program and used to further eligible project/program objectives. (see 45 c.f.r. part 74 : subpart e - special provisions for awards to commercial organizations ).
RFA-HD-08-007,ii. award information ), ssrp awards are limited to no more than $150,000 per year in direct costs. prip awards do not have a limit for direct cost requests. previous infrastructure support: ssrp applicants may not have received infrastructure support from this program (prip, dipr, ssrp) in the previous three years; no restriction on previous infrastructure support applies to the prip. renewal awards: prip awards are renewable; ssrp awards are not renewable. public infrastructure: prip applications may request support for public infrastructure; ssrp may not request support for public infrastructure. progress reports: prip requires a progress report for competitive renewals (type 2) and for applications for new awards (type 1) from centers that previously held an ssrp or dipr award; ssrp requires no progress report. the prip grant funds infrastructure to support a portfolio of population research housed in or coordinated by a center or other research unit (hereafter, research center or center ) at an institution. through this support, the prip grant is intended to: produce scientific benefits and cost-efficiencies resulting from cooperation and interaction among a pool of scientists with shared interests in population research and shared infrastructure needs; and advance the interdisciplinary reach, innovation, and impact of population research through encouraging the development of new directions and approaches to population research and the aggressive pursuit of scientific opportunities appearing at the boundaries between traditional population research and allied fields. scope the program for population research infrastructure seeks to advance scientific knowledge in areas related to the mission of the demographic and behavioral sciences branch. dbsb is one of three branches of the center for population research of the nichd. dbsbs mission is to improve the health and well-being of individuals, families, and populations by adding to knowledge about human population dynamics and their causes and consequences. dbsb supports demographic, behavioral and social sciences research on fertility, families, population movement, health and mortality, hiv/aids, and population composition. research on population diversity and change, studies of the consequences of population diversity and change for health and well-being, and research on the interrelationships among individual, family, group, community, and population processes are all central to this mission. to achieve these goals, dbsb fosters innovative and multi-disciplinary research by providing awards to individual investigators and research teams as well as supporting research training and infrastructure in the population sciences. dbsb defines "population" as the aggregate collection of individuals in a defined geographic area and/or social or demographic group. examples include the residents of new york city, married people in the u.s., and african american children under age five. aggregates defined by their participation in a study, program, or service are not considered populations under this definition. further information about dbsbs mission can be found on dbsbs website, http://www.nichd.nih.gov/about/org/cpr/dbs/ . illustrative examples of population research topics that fall within the dbsb mission include, but are not limited to, the list that follows: research on the antecedents and consequences of changes in population size, structure, and composition, including the documentation, analysis, and/or projection of population composition with respect to demographic, economic, social, and geographic characteristics; economic and social mobility; the relationship of economic, social, and cultural factors to population change; and the interrelationship between population and the physical environment. demographic, social science, and behavioral science research on families and households, including studies of the determinants of trends in marriage, divorce, and cohabitation; the formation of and changes in household structures, fatherhood, patterns of child support and visitation with absent parents; the use of child care services; the relationship between changing fertility and family patterns and the well-being of children; intergenerational demography; and the implications of welfare and health policies on families. demographic, social science, and behavioral science research on fertility, including studies of individual, social, economic, and cultural determinants and consequences of fertility and fertility trends; the interrelationship between fertility patterns and education, work, union formation and dissolution, family structure, and health; and contraceptive use, abortion, and sexual behavior. research on population movement and distribution, including studies of the determinants and consequences of international and internal migration and residential mobility; assimilation and adaptation of migrants; migrant selectivity; residential segregation; and spatial demography. demographic and social science research on health, morbidity, disability, health disparities, and mortality, including research on infant mortality and low birth weight; and research that relates demographic and social processes to mortality and health across the life course and to the health and well being of children (see http://www.nichd.nih.gov/about/org/cpr/dbs/prog_mort/index.cfm for more information). demographic, social science, and behavioral science research on the sexual transmission of hiv and other sexually transmitted diseases, including studies of sexual behaviors related to hiv and other std transmission; the interrelationships between social, institutional, economic, and cultural contexts and sexual behavior; the interrelationships among pregnancy, pregnancy prevention, and hiv and other std prevention; theoretically grounded intervention studies within these areas; and related methodological studies (see http://www.nichd.nih.gov/about/org/cpr/dbs/prog_hivstd/index.cfm ). for other specific diseases and conditions not mentioned above, research that primarily focuses on the social, cultural, familial, and economic determinants and consequences of these diseases and conditions. centers with strong research programs in areas within the mission of dbsb are encouraged to develop research projects with researchers outside the traditional areas of population research (for instance, anthropology, geography, biological sciences, epidemiology, public health, and medicine) in order to develop innovative interdisciplinary science that addresses important issues in the population research. potential applicants seeking information on establishing a new population research center or in refocusing the research activities of currently ineligible research centers so that they become eligible for prip support may consult with program staff listed under section vii. agency contact(s) . applicants responding to this foa should have in place (or propose in their applications) effective mechanisms for fostering the development of an intellectual community that bridges investigators from different disciplines and different projects and promotes innovation in population research. they must also articulate a clear vision for their research center and its current and future contributions to population research. applicants must identify the signature population-related themes of the center. these themes must be relevant to the dbsb mission. signature themes are defined as research topics that exemplify the applicant centers most significant current and/or anticipated contributions to population research. the themes should reflect the major strengths of the center, but do not need to encompass all research topics covered by the centers researchers. applicants must also articulate a vision for the potential future contributions of the center. infrastructure support applicants may request support for three categories: (1) research support cores; (2) developmental infrastructure; and (3) public infrastructure. applicants should request the types and levels of support that best suit their needs and objectives; they are not obligated to request support in all categories. the nichd expects that the types of infrastructure support requested and the amount of funding requested for each type of infrastructure will vary. the first two categories of infrastructure support are intended to advance the scientific program of the applicant research center. for these categories, applicants must justify the types and amounts of support requested in terms of: (1) the scope, objectives, and current and potential impact of the current and planned research at the applicant's population center; (2) the potential contribution of requested infrastructure to advancing the current and planned research at the applicants population center; and (3) the cost-effectiveness of the requested support. applicants are expected to provide guidelines for determining the eligibility of researchers and research projects to access resources provided through the prip program, and guidelines and procedures for allocating these resources. no restrictions on access (e.g., by students, investigators lacking research support, investigators in fields other than population research) are imposed under this announcement. however, applicants must demonstrate that their proposed guidelines and procedures for controlling access to resources provided through the prip program are consistent with the goal of effectively advancing the scientific program of the center and the goals of this foa. similarly, the announcement imposes no restrictions on how applicants define membership in their center. applicants are encouraged to develop flexible guidelines for membership that permit the involvement of researchers from all fields relevant for the goals of their research center. membership in the center and access to resources provided through the prip program may be extended to individuals who do not meet the criteria used to define applicant eligibility (see section
RFA-HL-19-025,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new resubmission the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? required: only accepting applications that propose an independent clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nhlbi intends to commit total costs up to $24,300,000 in fy2019 through fy2025 to support the program. the nhlbi will fund up to 10 new awards combined for this and the companion funding opportunity in fiscal years 2019, 2020, and 2021. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget award budgets are composed of salary and other program-related expenses, as described below. application budgets must not exceed $150,000 per year in direct costs. however, applications should refect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period applications may request a maximum project period of five years. other award budget information salary nhlbi will contribute up to $ 100,000 per year toward the salary of the career award recipient. further guidance on budgeting for career development salaries is provided in the sf424 (r&r) application guide. see also not-od-17-094 the total salary requested must be based on a full-time faculty appointment. the salary must be consistent both with the established salary structure at the institution and with salaries actually provided by the institution from its own funds to other staff members of equivalent qualifications, rank, and responsibilities in the department concerned. if full-time, 12-month salaries are not currently paid to comparable staff members, the salary proposed must be appropriately related to the existing salary structure. confirmation of salary may be required prior to the issuance of an award. fringe benefits, based on the sponsoring institution's rate and the percent of effort, are provided in addition to salary. the sponsoring institution may supplement the nih salary contribution up to a level that is consistent with the institution's salary scale. however, supplementation may not be from federal funds unless specifically authorized by the federal program from which such funds are derived. in no case may phs funds be used for salary supplementation. institutional supplementation of salary must not require extra duties or responsibilities that would interfere with the purpose of the career award. the total nih contribution to salary, however, may not exceed the legislatively mandated salary cap. see: http://grants.nih.gov/grants/policy/salcap_summary.htm . other program-related expenses nhlbi will contribute up to $30,000 per year toward the research development costs of the award recipient, which must be justified and consistent with the stage of development of the candidate and the proportion of time to be spent in research or career development activities. k awardee meeting. after initiation of the program, the nhlbi will hold one 2-day meeting during the project period to encourage the exchange of information among the k awardees and the nhlbi program staff. the meeting may also include others on a similar career trajectory who also are preparing for independent research careers. therefore, included within the research development costs budget category, the candidate should budget for travel funds supporting one 2-day meeting during the project period, to be held in or near bethesda, md. at these meetings, k awardees will present their results, and learn about next steps in their research career. salary for mentors, secretarial and administrative assistants, etc. is not allowed. reasonable accommodations: as part of this award, funds may be requested to make changes or adjustments in the research setting that will make it possible for a qualified individual with a disability to perform the essential functions associated with his/her role on the project. the accommodations requested under this program must be directly related to the performance of the proposed role on the research project and must be appropriate to the disabilities of the individual. some types of accommodations that might be provided under this award include: specialized equipment, assistive devices, and personnel such as readers, interpreters, or assistants. in all cases, the total funds for accommodations requested must be reasonable. salary for mentors, secretarial and administrative assistants, etc. is not allowed. indirect costs indirect costs (also known as facilities & administrative [f&a] costs) are reimbursed at 8% of modified total direct costs. nih grant policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-DK-14-010,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niddk intends to commit a total of $3 million in fy 2015 for rfa-dk-14-009 and rfa-dk-14-010. the uh2 phase will support between 6-8 awards. following administrative review, it is anticipated that the uh3 phase will support between 4-6 awards made up of successful uh2 projects. awards issued under this foa are contingent upon the availability of funds and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. award budget the direct costs for uh2 awards are expected to be approximately $200,000-$300,000 per year. total costs for the entire uh2 phase are limited to $500,000. for the uh3 phase, the direct cost amount is expected to be approximately $500,000-$600,000. total costs for the uh3 phase are limited to $1.0 million per year. award project period the uh2 phase is limited to two years. the uh3 phase is limited to three years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HL-08-016,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this foa will use the nih research education grant (r25) award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time concepts (see sf424 (r&r) application guide ) . it also uses the non-modular budget format. applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the sf424 research and related (r&r) budget component found in the application package for this foa. research education grant support is renewable. it is recommended that applicants contact the scientific/research contact listed in section vii concerning the submission of a competing renewal (formerly competing continuation ) application. resubmission applications are not permitted in response to this foa. 2. funds available because the nature and scope of the proposed research education program will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the nhlbi provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. the total project period for an application submitted in response to this funding opportunity may not exceed 5 years. although the size of award may vary with the scope of the research education program proposed, it is expected that applications will stay within the following budgetary guidelines: total direct costs are limited to $ 106,250 (average) annually. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 . all awards are subject to the availability of funds. the estimated amount of funds available for support of projects awarded as a result of this announcement is $ 850,000 for fiscal year 2009. up to eight new awards are anticipated. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-CA-12-006,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the nci intends to commit $6 million (total cost) in fy 2013 to fund 6-8 awards as a result of this foa. the number of awards is contingent upon nci appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. it is expected that $6 million will be available in subsequent years, but the funding in years 2014-2016 and the amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget budget requests are expected to range from approximately $500,000 up to $750,000 per year (direct costs) depending on actual scope and needs of the proposed project. no requests shall exceed $750,000 per year (in direct costs). award project period a project period of up to 4 years may be requested if justified. shorter project periods may also be requested commensurate with the nature of the project(s) proposed. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-NS-19-038,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards ninds intends to commit up to $1,300,000 total costs in fiscal year (fy) 2020 to fund 1 award. the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. award budget applicants may request up to $850,000 direct costs per year. application budgets must justify and reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-MH-21-130,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new resubmission the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials. need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards issuing ic and partner components intend to commit an estimated total of $4,000,000 to fund 8 awards each fiscal year. award budget application budgets are limited to $300,000 (direct costs) each year but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 3 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-MH-19-135,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new resubmission revision the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards issuing ic and partner components intend to commit an estimated total of $10,000,000 to fund 6-9 awards. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the duration of the ug3 phase cannot exceed 3 years and the total duration of the ug3/uh3 phases combined may not exceed 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-GM-11-007,section ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity will use a cooperative agreement award mechanism. in the cooperative agreement mechanism, the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) retains the primary responsibility and dominant role for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project, with nih staff being substantially involved as a partner with the principal investigator, as described under the section vi. 2. administrative requirements , "cooperative agreement terms and conditions of award". this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses non-modular budget formats described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). 2. funds available nigms intends to commit approximately $1.0 million dollars (total costs) in fiscal year 2011 to fund three applications. the total project period for an application submitted in response to this foa may not exceed 4 years. although the size of award will vary with the scope of the research proposed, budget requests should not exceed $200,000 (direct cost) per year. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation, see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. section
RFA-MH-20-320,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards issuing ic and partner components intend to commit an estimated total of $2.5 million to fund 6 awards in fy 2020. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-AR-18-002,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new resubmission revision the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? clinical trials not allowed for due dates on or after january 25, 2018: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the niams intends to commit approximately $1.5 million in fy2018 to support up to 4-5 new awards combined from the companion foas for r01s (this foa) and r21s (rfa-ar-18-003). awards issued under this foa are contingent upon the availability of funds and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. award budget budgets for direct costs of up to $300,000 per year may be requested. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is four years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DK-18-510,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed renewal applications only from the awards supported under rfa-dk-11-026 and rfa-dk-12-017 the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards niddk intends to commit $ 3,000,000 in fy 2019 to fund six awards. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget application direct cost budgets are limited to $375,000 per year. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-CA-17-034,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nci intends to commit $10.125m in fy2018 to fund up to three awards. award budget application budgets are limited to $2.25m per year in direct cost per year and must reflect actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-RM-13-018,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards one award is anticipated from this foa, contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. the total amount of funds available for this award is approximately $800k total costs for fy2014. in fy2015-fy2017, $1.4m total costs per year is anticipated though future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget application budgets should not exceed $800k total costs in fy14 and $1.4m total costs per year in fy15-fy17. the budget must reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the total award period for this foa is 4 years (fy14 through fy17). nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AI-12-028,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement application types allowed new the oer glossary and the phs398 application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niaid intends to commit $7.1 million in fy 2013 to fund 3-5 awards. award budget application budgets are not limited, but need to reflect actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DE-08-006,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity announcement (foa) will use the nih research project grant ( r01) award mechanism. the applicant will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ). specifically, if you are a u.s. organization and are submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs), use the phs398 modular budget component provided in the sf424 (r&r) application package and sf424 (r&r) application guide (see specifically section 5.4, modular budget component, of the application guide). u.s. applicants requesting more than $250,000 in annual direct costs and all foreign applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component found in the application package for this foa. see not-od-06-096 , august 23, 2006. at this time, it is not known if competing renewal (formerly competing continuation ) applications will be accepted and/or if this foa will be reissued. 2. funds available because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the institutes and centers (ics) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. the participating organization(s) n idcr intends to commit approximately up to a total cost of two million dollars in fiscal year 20 08 to fund seven to eight applications. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. section
RFA-DK-17-023,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? required: only accepting applications that propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards niddk intends to commit up to $1.25 million to fund 1-2 awards in fy 2018 and up to $1.25 million to fund 1-2 awards in fy 2019. the number of awards is contingent upon availability of funds and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. award budget application budgets are limited to $500,000 direct costs per year, exclusive of indirect costs on subcontracts, per year. budgets are expected to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project.. award project period the scope of the project period should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 4 years nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-GM-14-011,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the nigms intends to commit $1 million to support applications that will be selected as a result of this announcement. the obssr intends to commit funds to support one award (approximately $375,000). award budget application budgets are limited $250,000 per year in direct costs and must reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the project period may be up to four years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HG-10-017,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the phs398 application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nhgri intends to commit $5.5 m/year for 3 to 6 awards anticipated in fy 2011. award budget individual application budgets should not exceed $1,500,000 per year, direct costs and must reflect actual needs of proposed project. award project period the total award period requested for this rfa may not exceed four years nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. section
RFA-CA-20-029,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new resubmission, but only of applications previously submitted to this foa the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the nci intends to commit up to $7.5m each fiscal year beginning in fy 2021 to fund approximately 5 u54 awards. award budget application budgets may not exceed $1.2m per year in direct costs award project period a project period of 5 years is required. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-AI-18-026,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards niaid intends to commit $2.4m in fy 19 to fund 2-4 awards. award budget application budgets are limited to $400,000 per year in direct costs. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 4 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-AA-17-015,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niaaa intends to commit $1.5 million per year in fy 2017 to fund approximately 8-10 awards. award budget applicants may request up to $275,000 direct costs for the entire uh2 phase with no more than $200,000 direct costs for any year of the uh2 phase. applicants may request up to $250,000 direct costs for the uh3 phase per year. budget should reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. in the uh2 phase, the maximum project period is 2 years, and in uh3 phase, the maximum project period is 3 years for a total of 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-TW-14-003,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards issuing ic and partner components intend to commit an estimated total of $35m from fy2015-fy2019. the estimated number of awards is ten and is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. award budget application budgets may request up to $600,000 direct costs per year. award project period the project period is limited to five years. other award budget information stipends, tuition, and fees awards provide stipends as a subsistence allowance to help defray living expenses during the research training experience. trainees may be paid a stipend comparable to their professional experience and institutional policy, or grantee institutional policies for trainees. funds for tuition and academic fees that are directly related to a specific skill are permitted. tuition and academic fees to support doctoral degrees will be limited to junior faculty who have already completed advanced degrees and are in the dissertation stage of a doctoral program. trainee travel trainee travel to attend scientific meetings, trainings, and workshops that the program determines to be necessary for the individuals research training experience is an allowable trainee expense. training related expenses training-related expenses (e.g., books, computers, and software) may be included. funds for self-only or family medical insurance may be requested. applicants should include adequate funds for all training activities, including at least one mentored research project, for each of the proposed junior faculty trainees. costs associated with development and implementation of short courses and workshops appropriate for the proposed training program are allowed. senior/key personnel salary: the salary for the program director/principal investigator (pd/pi), other key personnel, training faculty, mentors, and administrative staff must be commensurate with the salary structure and benefits at the institution where they are employed and within the limits as described by nih mandated salary caps, as explained here . collaborators may receive appropriate compensation for significant activities in the program. senior/key personnel travel : funds may be requested for round-trip economy airfare on u.s. carriers (to the maximum extent possible) and lodging and per diem. the pd/pi is expected to attend an annual network meeting, and travel costs for grant administrators, other faculty, collaborators, and trainees to attend may be requested. nih does not allow grants to support the cost of visas for personnel. indirect costs nih provides limited facilities & administrative costs (f&a) (8% of total direct costs less equipment) to foreign institutions to support the costs of compliance with nih requirements. since the f&a costs are intended for compliance costs only, other items normally considered an f&a cost can be requested as a direct cost, e.g. rent. any proposed u.s. subaward institutions are limited to requesting up to 8% of modified total direct costs (exclusive of tuition and fees and expenditures for equipment), rather than on the basis of a negotiated rate agreement. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-CA-14-001,ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed revision the oer glossary and the phs 398 application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nci intends to commit $1.3 m in fy 2014 and $2.6 m over the entire 2-year budget period to fund two awards. award budget the budget may not exceed $650,000 in total costs per year. award project period applicants may request support for up to two (2) years, not to exceed the remaining number of years on the parent grant. the parent grant must be active during the entire project period proposed in the revision application. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-ES-19-004,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards niehs intends to fund an estimate of 7-12 awards, corresponding to a total of $9.5 million, for fiscal year 2020. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget renewal a pplication budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. a new applicant may request a budget for direct costs of up to $700,000 for the first year. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-HL-08-006,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this foa will use the nih research project grant (r01) award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts (see sf424 (r&r) application guide ) . it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ) . specifically, a u.s. organization submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs) must use the phs398 modular budget component. u.s. applicants requesting more than $250,000 in annual direct costs and all foreign applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component. 2. funds available the nhlbi intends to commit approximately $4,000,000 dollars in fiscal year 2008 and total $16 million over 4 years to fund up to 6 applications. applicants may request direct costs up to $500,000 annually for 4 years. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AI-16-022,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niaid intends to commit $5.4 million in fy 2017 to fund up to 4 awards. future year amounts may vary depending on annual appropriations. award budget the budget for each htmid crc cannot exceed $1 million in direct costs per year. application budgets need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AG-21-015,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials. need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nia intends to commit $3,800,000 in fy 2021 to fund 1 award. award budget application budgets are limited to $2,500,000 in direct costs per year. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-CA-19-034,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new resubmission only of application previously submitted to this foa or to its predecessor rfa-ca-17-033. the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nci intends to commit (total costs) $5,200,000 in fy2020 and $5,200,000 in fy2021 to fund up to eight awards for both rounds. award budget applicants may request a maximum of $800,000 direct costs per year. award project period the maximum project period is 3 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-HD-07-016,section ii. award information 1. mechanism(s) of support this funding opportunity will use the nih cooperative research project grant (u01) award mechanism. this funding opportunity uses the just-in-time budget concepts. it also uses the non-modular budget format described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). a detailed categorical budget for the "initial budget period" and the "entire proposed period of support" is to be submitted with the application. the nih u01 is a cooperative agreement award mechanism. in the cooperative agreement mechanism, the principal investigator retains the primary responsibility and dominant role for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project, with nih staff being substantially involved as a partner with the principal investigator, as described under the section vi. 2. administrative requirements , "cooperative agreement terms and conditions of award." 2. funds available nichd intends to commit approximately $2 million dollars in total costs [direct plus facilities and administrative (f&a) costs] in fy 2008 to fund two to three new and/or competing continuation grants in response to this rfa. an ru applicant may request a project period of up to five years and a budget for direct costs up to $150,000 per year for ru base costs. additional funds for the execution of protocols will be awarded to the ru under "patient care costs and other costs, as appropriate. applications for the rus should also include a request for $414,613 direct costs under other expenses as restricted funds to be used for common protocols. fixed budgets for protocols will be negotiated at a later date. these funds are to be included for nichd budgetary planning purposes only and may be adjusted upwards/downwards as necessary. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of nichd provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation, see not-od-05-004 .
RFA-AG-18-029,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new resubmission. resubmissions are limited to applications submitted but not funded in response to rfa-ag-17-061. the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials funds available and anticipated number of awards nia intends to commit $4.5 million in fy 2018 to fund 3-4 awards. the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. award budget annual direct costs are capped at $750,000. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-HG-21-037,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards issuing ic and partner components intend to commit an estimated total of $7.5m total costs to fund 1 award. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-TR-15-004,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards ncats intends to commit up to $6 million in fy2016 to fund up to 2 awards. future year amounts will depend upon annual appropriations. nlm intends to commit up to $250,000 in fy2016 to co-fund awards in response to this foa. award budget application budgets should reflect the actual needs of the proposed project and may not exceed $2 million annual direct costs. award project period awards may be issued for up to 5 years nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-MH-20-145,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards issuing ic and partner components intend to commit an estimated total of $1.5m to fund 1-3 awards in fy20. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-DA-12-002,section ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nida intends to commit $4,000,000 to fund 8-10 awards in fy 2012. award budget application budgets are not limited, but need to reflect actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the maximum period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-EB-18-004,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the nih blueprint for neuroscience research intends to commit an estimated total of $600,000 in fy2019 to fund 1 award. award budget the application budget is limited to $600,000 total costs but should reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-CA-19-029,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials. note: applicants may propose to gain experience in a clinical trial led by a mentor/co-mentor as part of their research career development. need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nci intends to commit $2.7 m in fy 2020 to fund up to 16 awards submitted to this foa or its companion foa ( rfa-ca-19-030 ). award budget award budgets are composed of salary and other program-related expenses, as described below. award project period the total project period may not exceed 5 years. other award budget information salary mentored phase (k99) nci will contribute up to $ 100,000 per year toward the salary of the career award recipient. further guidance on budgeting for career development salaries is provided in the sf424 (r&r) application guide.see also not-od-17-094 intramural: mentored candidates in the nih intramural program will be supported by intramural funds provided by the nih institute/center intramural laboratory in which they are conducting their research. budget details for the mentored phase will be negotiated with the sponsoring intramural laboratory. salary will be consistent with that offered scientists in similar, intramural nih positions. extramural: mentored candidates at an extramural sponsoring institution/organization will be supported by nci extramural funds. the requested salary must be consistent both with the established salary structure at the institution and with salaries actually provided by the institution from its own funds to other staff members with equivalent qualifications, rank, and responsibilities in the department concerned. independent phase (r00) the total cost for the independent phase (r00) may not exceed $249,000 per year. this amount includes salary, fringe benefits, research costs, and applicable indirect costs. indirect costs will be reimbursed at the extramural sponsoring institutions indirect cost rate. indirect costs requested by consortium participants are included in the total cost limitation. the total nih contribution to salary, however, may not exceed the legislatively mandated salary cap. see: http://grants.nih.gov/grants/policy/salcap_summary.htm . other program-related expenses nci will contribute $30,000 per year toward the research development costs of the award recipient, which must be justified and consistent with the stage of development of the candidate and the proportion of time to be spent in research or career development activities. salary for mentors, secretarial and administrative assistants, etc. is not allowed. indirect costs for the extramural k99 phase, indirect costs (also known as facilities & administrative [f&a] costs) are reimbursed at 8% of modified total direct costs. for the r00 phase, indirect costs will be reimbursed at the extramural sponsoring institutions indirect cost rate. nih grant policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-AI-18-015,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? required: only accepting applications that propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards niaid intends to commit $3.2m in fy 2019 to fund 2-3 awards. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-ES-20-007,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials note: appointed scholars are permitted to obtain research experience in a clinical trial led by a mentor or co-mentor. need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards niehs intends to commit $1.5 million in fy 2022 to fund 3 awards. award budget application budgets are limited to $450,000 direct costs per year. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. other award budget information personnel costs individuals designing, directing, and implementing the career development program may request salary and fringe benefits appropriate for the person months devoted to the program. salaries requested may not exceed the levels commensurate with the institution's policy for similar positions and may not exceed the congressionally mandated cap. if mentoring interactions and other activities with scholars are considered a regular part of an individual's academic duties, then mentoring and other interactions with scholars are non-reimbursable from grant funds. the salaries of administrative and clerical staff should normally be treated as indirect (f&a) costs. direct charging of these costs may be appropriate only if all of the following conditions are met: (1) administrative or clerical services are integral to a project or activity; (2) individuals involved can be specifically identified with the project or activity; (3) such costs are explicitly included in the budget or have the prior written approval of the federal awarding agency; and (4) the costs are not also recovered as indirect costs. when specifically identified and justified, these expenses must be itemized in sections a and b, as appropriate, of the r&r budget. allowable costs : up to $30,000 may be requested to support all persons who are involved in designing, directing, and administering the k12 program. this may include the pd(s)/pi(s), scholars director, recruiting officer, or administrative, clerical, or other staff with responsibilities directly associated with the institutional career development program. maximum allowable cost is for all staff combined. items that may not be supported with k12 funds include: (1) salaries and fringe benefits for the program mentors; (2) salary and support for central institutional administrative personnel (e.g., budget officers, grant assistants, and building maintenance personnel), which are usually paid from institutional overhead charges; (3) salary and support for administrative activities such as institutional public relations or health and educational services. scholar costs scholars are those individuals who benefit from the proposed activities and experiences involved in the career development program. scholar costs must be justified as specifically required for the proposed career development program and based on institutional policies for salaries paid to individuals in similar positions, regardless of the source of funds. these expenses must be itemized in the proposed budget. the prehs program is designed to support 3 scholar positions per year at each of the awarded sites. the niehs will provide up to $135,000 in direct costs per year for each scholar. this amount includes salary, fringe benefits, and research and career development expenses as itemized below. salary and fringe benefits: scholars may receive up to $110,000 per year for salary and fringe benefits, consistent with the institution's salary scale. scholars must spend at least 9 person-months (equivalent to 75 percent) of full-time professional effort conducting research and research career development activities. the total salary requested for each scholar must be based on a full-time, 12-month staff appointment. it must be consistent with the established salary structure at the institution and with salaries provided by the institution from its own funds to other staff members of equivalent qualifications, rank, and responsibilities in the department concerned. if full-time, 12-month salaries are not currently paid to comparable staff members, the salary proposed must be appropriately related to the existing salary structure. the scholar's institution may supplement the nih salary contribution up to a level that is consistent with the institution's salary scale from non-federal sources; however, supplementation may not be from federal funds unless specifically authorized by the federal program from which such funds are derived. institutional supplementation of salary must not require extra duties or responsibilities that would interfere with the purpose of the program. research and career development support: within the $135,000 in direct costs allocated for each scholar, up to $25,000 per year may be allotted for research and career development costs. allowable research expenses may include 1) research expenses such as supplies, equipment and technical personnel, including expenses generated in the laboratories of the established investigators who serve as mentors; 2) travel to attend the annual scholar's meeting; 3) travel to receive training or attend scientific meetings; 4) tuition, fees, or books (e.g., mph course work); 5) technical support for data analysis and statistical or computer services. these research and development costs must be related to the scholar's research activities. they cannot be pooled and used for other programs unrelated or indirectly related to the research activities of individual scholars. items that may not be supported with each scholar's research and career development support category include: direct support of the laboratories, travel, and research projects of the investigators serving as mentors beyond those expenses directly attributable to the scholar's project. other program related expenses consultant costs, equipment, supplies, travel for key persons, and other program-related expenses may be included in the proposed budget. these expenses must be justified as specifically required by the proposed program and must not duplicate items generally available at the applicant institution. other program-related expenses, including non-scholar travel and meeting costs, are limited to $25,000 per year. this allowance may be used for the pd(s)/pi(s), other faculty, or advisory committee members to attend the annual scholars meeting or other organizational/administrative meetings associated with the k12 program. items that may not be supported with k12 funds include: (1) travel of the pd(s)/pi(s), scholars director, or program mentors to scientific meetings other than those involving k12 program-specific activities; (2) patient care costs such as inpatient bed days or outpatient visits, except for clinical laboratory analyses essential for the scholars research; (3) alterations and renovations. indirect costs indirect costs (also known as facilities & administrative [f&a] costs) are reimbursed at 8% of modified total direct costs (exclusive of tuition and fees, consortium costs in excess of $25,000, and expenditures for equipment), rather than on the basis of a negotiated rate agreement. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-AI-12-033,section ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the nih intends to commit approximately 3 million total dollars in fy2013 to fund 8 to 10 applications. award budget the combined budget for direct costs for the two year project period may not exceed $275,000. no more than $200,000 may be requested in any single year. award project period the total project period for an application submitted in response to this foa may not exceed two years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HG-16-002,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nhgri intends to commit $15.5-20m in fy 2017 to fund 6-8 awards. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the total project period for an application submitted in response to this foa may not exceed 4 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AG-20-022,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nia intends to commit $3 million in fy 2020 to fund 4-6 awards. award budget no more than $500,000 in direct costs may be requested in any single year. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-HL-12-033,ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations, and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. nhlbi expects to commit up to $3.15 million total costs per year to support up to 7 awards. award budget the maximum award budget is $250,000 direct costs per year, excluding consortium/contractual facilities and administrative costs. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period up to a maximum of four years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HL-17-001,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nhlbi intends to commit up to $3,040,000 in fy 2017, up to $7,296,000 per year in fys 2018, 2019, 2020, up to $2,432,000 in fy 2021, and up to $6,080,000 in fy 2022. nhlbi intends to fund up to four awards. award budget application budgets may not exceed $500,000 in direct costs in year 1 (fy 2017), $1,200,000 direct costs per year in years 2-4 (fy 2018-fy 2020), $400,000 direct costs in year 5 (fy 2021), and $1m direct costs in year 6 (fy 2022). for each year, the budget must reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 6 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HL-18-027,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new resubmission the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? required: only accepting applications that propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nhlbi intends to commit total costs up to $1,500,000 in fy2018 to fund up to 10 awards. award budget award budgets are composed of salary and other program-related expenses, as described below. award project period the total project period may not exceed 5 years. other award budget information salary nhlbi will contribute up to $ 100,000 per year toward the salary of the career award recipient. further guidance on budgeting for career development salaries is provided in the sf424 (r&r) application guide. the total salary requested must be based on a full-time staff appointment. the salary must be consistent both with the established salary structure at the institution and with salaries actually provided by the institution from its own funds to other staff members of equivalent qualifications, rank, and responsibilities in the department concerned. if full-time, 12-month salaries are not currently paid to comparable staff members, the salary proposed must be appropriately related to the existing salary structure. confirmation of salary may be required prior to the issuance of an award. fringe benefits, based on the sponsoring institution's rate and the percent of effort, are provided in addition to salary. the sponsoring institution may supplement the nih salary contribution up to a level that is consistent with the institution's salary scale. however, supplementation may not be from federal funds unless specifically authorized by the federal program from which such funds are derived. in no case may phs funds be used for salary supplementation. institutional supplementation of salary must not require extra duties or responsibilities that would interfere with the purpose of the career award. the total salary, however, may not exceed the legislatively mandated salary cap. see: http://grants.nih.gov/grants/policy/salcap_summary.htm . other program-related expenses nhlbi will contribute $30,000 per year toward the research development costs of the award recipient, which must be justified and consistent with the stage of development of the candidate and the proportion of time to be spent in research or career development activities. k awardee meeting. upon initiation of the program, the nhlbi will hold one 2-day meeting during the project period to encourage the exchange of information among the k awardees and the nhlbi program staff. the meeting may also include others on a similar career trajectory who also are preparing for independent research careers. therefore, in the preparation of the budget for the grant application, the candidate should allocate travel supporting one 2-day meeting during the third project year only to be held in or near bethesda, md. at these meetings, k awardees will present their results, and learn about next steps in their research career. salary for mentors, secretarial and administrative assistants, etc. is not allowed. reasonable accommodations: as part of this award, funds may be requested to make changes or adjustments in the research setting that will make it possible for a qualified individual with a disability to perform the essential functions associated with his/her role on the project. the accommodations requested under this program must be directly related to the performance of the proposed role on the research project and must be appropriate to the disabilities of the individual. some types of accommodations that might be provided under this award include: specialized equipment, assistive devices, and personnel such as readers, interpreters, or assistants. in all cases, the total funds for accommodations requested must be reasonable. indirect costs indirect costs (also known as facilities & administrative [f&a] costs) are reimbursed at 8% of modified total direct costs. nih grant policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DA-21-029,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the heal initiative intends to commit $575,000 direct costs in fy 2021 to fund 1 award. award budget application budgets are limited to $575,000 per year in direct costs. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-HL-16-024,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? clinical trials not allowed for due dates on or after january 25, 2018: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. the nhlbi intends to commit up to $20 million per year in fy2017 through fy2025. the nhlbi intends to fund up to 20 new awards per year in fy 2017, fy2018, and fy2019. award budget applications may request up to $600,000 direct costs per year. investigators are encouraged to request what is well-justified for their research program. in general, the request should be commensurate with the pd/pi's recent nhlbi support. award project period applications may request a maximum project period of up to seven years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-OD-20-007,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the nih intends to commit up to $4.0 million total costs in fy2020 to fund one award, contingent upon the receipt of scientifically meritorious applications and funds availability. award budget application budgets are limited to $2.5 million direct costs per year and need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period 5 years nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-AT-11-001,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this foa will use the r01 award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts (see sf424 (r&r) application guide ) . it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ) . specifically, a u.s. organization submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs) must use the phs398 modular budget component. u.s. applicants requesting more than $250,000 in annual direct costs and all foreign applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component. 2. funds available nih p articipants are contributing $8.1 million in total to this foa. the total amount to be awarded in the first year is approximately $1.625 million (total costs). the total amount to be awarded in the second and third year is approximately $3.25 million (total costs) approximately 2-4 awards are anticipated in year one while 5-7 awards are anticipated in years two and three. budgets for direct costs of up to $300,000 per year and project duration of up to five years may be requested. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DA-20-002,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new (only for research project sites that were a sub-contractor on a previously funded abcd study award) renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nih intends to commit $35.5 in fy2020 to fund up to 21 awards. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the maximum project period is 7 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-AI-13-012,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the following nih components intend to commit the following amounts in fy 2014: niaid/daids intends to commit $3,500,000 to fund 4 to 8 awards. nichd/cpr/dbs intends to commit $2,400,000 to fund 4 to 6 awards. award budget application budgets are limited to a direct cost of $400,000 per year. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum period is 4 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DK-20-008,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new renewal resubmission from rfa-dk-18-029 the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards niddk intends to commit $3,600,000 in fy2021 to fund up to three awards. the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. award budget application budgets are limited to $1,000,000 in direct costs per year. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-RM-11-013,ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the nih common fund intends to fund an estimate of 2-4 awards, corresponding to a total of $4,000,000 for fiscal year 2012 contingent upon sufficient number of meritorious applications and availability of funds. award budget application budgets are not limited, but need to reflect actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the maximum period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AA-10-005,section ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity will use the cooperative agreement (u01) award mechanism(s). the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses non-modular budget formats described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). this funding opportunity will use a cooperative agreement award mechanism. in the cooperative agreement mechanism, the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) retains the primary responsibility and dominant role for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project, with nih staff being substantially involved as a partner with the principal investigator, as described under the section vi. 2. administrative requirements , "cooperative agreement terms and conditions of award". 2. funds available the estimated amount of funds available for support of 1-3 collaboration on fasd (cofasp) projects awarded as a result of this announcement is $ 2 million for fiscal year 20 10 . future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. applicants may request a project period of up to five years. the direct costs budgeted for each cooperative agreement award may range from $500,000 to $1.4 million per year, depending on the number of final awards made. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. the u01 award will provide support for: - administrative costs for managing the effort such as salaries for key personnel, travel for key personnel equipment, and supplies to support an administrative structure - research costs for the conduct of collaborative research projects - recruitment costs for study participants and agency referrals facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation, see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-ES-15-019,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity.. application types allowed new renewal resubmission the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niehs intends to fund an estimate of up to 10 awards based on programmatic needs and availability of funds, corresponding to a total of up to approximately $20 million, for fiscal year 2017. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget applications may request a budget for direct costs of up to $1.75 million dollars for the first year. award project period applications may propose a project period of up to 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HD-14-025,ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nichd intends to commit a total of $1,000,000 in fy 2014 to fund two to three awards. the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget application budgets are limited to $350,000 in direct costs and must reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 4 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HL-08-011,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity will use the cooperative agreement (u10) award mechanism(s). the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses non-modular budget formats described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). this funding opportunity will use a cooperative agreement award mechanism. in the cooperative agreement mechanism, the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) retains the primary responsibility and dominant role for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project, with nih staff being substantially involved as a partner with the principal investigator, as described under the section vi. 2. administrative requirements , "cooperative agreement terms and conditions of award." plans for this cooperative agreement project beyond the current funding opportunity are indefinite. this is a one time solicitation to fund asthmanet for 7 years. it is expected that all protocols will be completed within the 7-year time period. plans beyond the current funding period are indefinite. 2. funds available the total amount of funding that nhlbi expects to award for asthmanet (for up to 9 clinical centers and 1 data coordinating center [dcc]) is $104.8 million for a project period of seven years. designated funding levels are subject to change at any time prior to award, due to unforeseen budgetary, administrative, or scientific developments. the nhlbi anticipates awarding 1 dcc in response to this foa, and up to 9 clinical centers in response to a separate foa (see rfa-hl-08-010 ). the nhlbi expects to fund approximately $13.75 million total costs over seven years for 1 dcc through this announcement. in response to this foa, the dcc will be awarded funds for core costs and research design and initiation costs. in addition, protocol funds (approximately $40.4 million total costs) to execute and closeout clinical management trials, proof-of-concept studies and mechanistic studies will be part of the dccs grant award and will be distributed by the dcc to the clinical centers and the dcc in accordance with specific protocol budgets. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the nhlbi provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation, see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. section
RFA-MH-14-215,ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the nih blueprint program intends to commit approximately $10 million in fy 2014 to fund an estimate of 5-8 awards in response to this foa. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 3 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DE-22-011,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials. need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the nih heal initiative expects to commit $2,000,000 direct costs in fy 2022 to fund up to 10 awards through this foa. the following will be considered in making funding decisions:  scientific and technical merit of the proposed project as determined by scientific peer review.  availability of funds.  relevance of the proposed project to program priorities award budget the combined budget for the two-year project period may not exceed $275,000 in direct costs. no more than $200,000 in direct costs may be requested in any single year. award project period up to two years nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-AI-18-047,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? required: only accepting applications that propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards niaid intends to commit up to $29 million in fy 2020 to fund 1 award under this foa and 8-10 awards under the companion foa. this funding amount will cover both core funds and protocol funds. award budget budgets for directs costs of up to $1.7 million per year may be requested for core funds. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 7 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-AG-19-029,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. nia intends to commit $2.5 million in total costs in fy 2019 to fund 4-6 awards. award budget application budgets are limited to $250,000 in direct costs per year and need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-AI-11-023,ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niaid intends to commit approximately $3.2m for this foa for fiscal year 2012 to fund 3-5 applications. award budget direct costs for 3- or 4-year applications may not exceed $300,000 per annum. in any year in which animal models are proposed, an additional $200,000 in direct costs may be included in the requested budget with appropriate justification. award project period an applicant may request a project period of 3 or 4 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HL-20-010,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. nhlbi intends to fund a single award of total costs up to $1,300,000 in fiscal year (fy) 2020, up to $1,100,000 in fy2021, up to $900,000 per year in fy2022 through fy2024, and up to $1,200,000 in fy2025. award budget application budgets are limited to direct costs of $850,000 in fy2020, $740,000 in fy2021, $585,000 in fy2022 through fy2024, and $810,000 in fy2025. award project period the maximum project period is six years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-NS-13-001,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement application types allowed renewal the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards ninds intends to fund two awards (one coordinating center and one statistical center) for a total of up to $4,000,000 total costs for fiscal year 2013. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. it is anticipated that one award for the coordinating center will be made for up to $2,000,000 direct costs per year, and one award for the statistical center will be made for up to $500,000 direct costs per year. award budget application budgets are not limited, but need to reflect actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the maximum period is 4 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DK-16-006,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new renewal resubmission the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niddk intends to commit $4,500,000 in fy2017 to fund up to 4 awards. the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. award budget application budgets are limited to $750,000 direct costs, but need to reflect actual needs of the proposed center. it is anticipated that the award budget will be directly correlated to the breadth, quality and relevance to nutrition/obesity and related areas of the research base being served by the center. within the direct cost cap, up to $150,000 may be requested for the pilot and feasibility program. award project period the total project period for an application submitted in response to this funding opportunity may not exceed five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-NS-12-004,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nih intends to fund a single award, corresponding to a total of $1,750,000 for fiscal year 2012. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget application budgets need to reflect actual needs of the proposed project, including provision of per patient cost estimates. award project period up to 3 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-MH-12-080,ii. social processes and social change relatively few evidence-based interventions directed at the social-structural level exist. research is needed to address complex causal pathways influencing both proximal and distal hiv-associated outcomes at the individual, group, and population levels. such research can be informed by combined research perspectives, such as molecular biology approaches to track viral spread in conjunction with changes in transmission risk dynamics. specific examples include, but are not limited to: investigations of processes, such as mobility, migration, stigmatization, community resilience, and marginalization as units of analysis to determine their association with risk and to develop strategies to intervene in these processes. the impact on hiv prevention efforts as a result of structural and institutional changes, such as health care reform, changes in marriage laws, increased availability of substance abuse treatment, and the implementation of the national hiv/aids strategy which targets expanded testing, access to antiretrovirals and improved linkage and engagement with care. research utilizing natural experiments, comparative studies, and cohort analyses in order to better define social constructs such as vulnerability, marginalizing conditions, stigma and resilience, and determine their role in hiv prevention efforts. studies using research and design methodologies from a variety of disciplines, such as economics and political science, to better evaluate the relationships among hiv risk and structural and environmental factors, incorporating methods examining the natural course of behavior change.
RFA-HG-06-021,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity announcement (foa) will use the exploratory/developmental grants (r21) award mechanism. the applicant will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses the modular and non-modular budget formats (see the modular applications and awards section of the nih grants policy statement . specifically, if you are submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs), use the phs398 modular budget component provided in the sf424 (r&r) application package and sf424 (r&r) application guide (see specifically section 5.4, modular budget component, of the application guide). all foreign applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component found in the application package for this foa. see not-od-06-096 . 2. funds available because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the institutes and centers (ics) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. the total project period for an application submitted in response to this funding opportunity may not exceed 3 years. although the size of award may vary with the scope of research proposed, it is expected that applications will stay within the budgetary guidelines for an exploratory/developmental project. direct costs are limited to no more than $200,000 in any single year. applicants may request direct costs in $25,000 modules, up to the total direct costs limitation of $200,000 per year. the participating organization, n hgri, intends to commit approximately $2 million dollars in fy20 07 to fund 5-9 applications. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. f acilities and administrative (f &a ) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 , november 2, 2004. section
RFA-AI-14-028,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niaid intends to commit $6.0 million in fy 2015 to fund 3 - 4 u19 awards and the infrastructure and opportunity fund (iof). award budget application budgets are limited to $1.0 million direct costs per year, and need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. note that requested costs for the administration of the infrastructure and opportunity fund (iof) management core are not included in the $1.0 million direct costs per year limit. the budget for the iof management core is limited to $120,000 direct costs per year. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-CA-19-038,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity application types allowed new resubmission the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nci intends to commit $1,2400,000 in fy 2020 to fund 6 awards. award budget direct costs are limited to $275,000 over a two year period. no more than $200,000 may be requested in any single year. award project period the maximum project period is two years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-HD-11-101,section ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this foa will use the r01 award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts (see sf424 (r&r) application guide ) . it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ) . specifically, a u.s. organization submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs) must use the phs398 modular budget component. u.s. applicants requesting more than $250,000 in annual direct costs and all foreign applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component. 2. funds available oppnet intends to commit up to $2 million in fy 2011 to fund 5-6 applications submitted in response to this foa, pending the number and quality of applications and availability of funds. budgets for direct costs of up to $250,000 per year and a project duration of up to four years may be requested for a maximum of $1,000,000 direct costs over a four-year project period. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of oppnet provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AR-19-013,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards niams intends to commit $2 million in fy2019 and $2 million in fy2020 to fund 4-6 awards each year. award budget application budgets are limited to $250,000 direct costs per year and need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the maximum period of the combined r61/r33 is three years, with up to two years for the r61 phase and one year for the r33 phase. funding of the r33 award will be determined by successful completion of the r61 scientific goals, as determined by nih. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-RM-16-020,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the nih intends to commit $4 million in fy 2017 to fund approximately 6 awards. award budget application budgets should be strongly justified and reflect the actual needs for the proposed project. direct costs are limited to a maximum of $500,000 in each year. award project period the maximum project period is 4 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DA-22-006,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials. need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nida intends to commit $ 3m in fy 2022 to fund 2-4 awards. award budget applicants may request up to $400k per year in direct costs. award project period applicants may request up to 5 years of support. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-DE-17-004,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nidcr intends to commit $2 million in fy 2017 to fund 4-5 awards. award budget application budgets are limited to $250,000 direct costs per year. award project period for applications submitted in response to this foa, the project period is limited to no more than four years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AG-20-009,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose independent clinical trials. note: applicants may propose to gain experience in a clinical trial led by a sponsor/co-sponsor as part of their research training. need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nia intends to commit $450,000 in fy 2020 to fund 7-10 awards. award budget for the f99 phase, award budgets are composed of stipends, tuition and fees, an institutional allowance, and some travel costs as described below. for the k00 phase, award budgets are composed of salary and fringe benefits, research and career development support, indirect costs, and travel costs as described below. award project period for the f99/k00 award, individuals may receive up to 6 years of combined support for both phases, which includes up to 2 years in the f99 fellowship phase and up to 4 years in the k00 career development phase. please note that the fourth year of the k00 phase will not be awarded automatically; applicants must submit a career development award by the end of the third year of k00 phase to receive the fourth year of k00 award. other award budget information stipends (f99)/salary (k00) allowable costs: f99 phase salaries are provided as a subsistence allowance to help defray living expenses during the research training experience. the stipend level for f99 predoctoral fellows is the same as for the f31 ruth l. kirschstein national research service award (nrsa) fellows. see https://researchtraining.nih.gov/resources/policy-notices . allowable costs: k00 phase nia will contribute up to $50,000 in the first year toward the salary of the career award recipient. this will be increased to $53,300 for the second year, $56,600 for the third year, and $59,900 for the fourth year. further guidance on budgeting for career development salaries is provided in the sf424 (r&r) application guide. the total salary, however, may not exceed the legislatively mandated salary cap. see: http://grants.nih.gov/grants/policy/salcap_summary.htm tuition and fees allowable costs: f99 phase nia will contribute to the combined cost of tuition and fees at the rate in place at the time of award, at the same level set for the f31 ruth l. kirschstein national research service award (nrsa) fellowships. see https://researchtraining.nih.gov/resources/policy-notices . allowable costs: k00 phase nia will contribute to the combined cost of tuition and fees an amount equal to 60% of the level requested by the applicant institution, up to $4,500 per year, for candidates to attend aging-related programs and take specialty courses in this area relevant to their proposed research. institutional allowance (f99) / other program-related expenses (k00) allowable costs: f99 phase the applicant should request an institutional allowance to help defray the cost of fellowship expenses such as health insurance, research supplies, equipment, books, and travel to scientific meetings. the annual institutional allowance level for the f99 phase is the same as that provided for the f31 ruth l. krischstein national research service award (nrsa) awards (see https://researchtraining.nih.gov/resources/policy-notices ), plus a one-time additional $1,500 in the first year of the f99 award to defray travel costs to an institution during the second year to meet the proposed mentor and to discuss and prepare a postdoctoral research and career development strategy. allowable costs: k00 phase nia will provide research development support for the award recipient. these costs may be used for the following expenses: (a) aging-related courses outside of the applicant institution which are directly relevant to the proposed research as part of the transition to aging research; (b) research expenses, such as supplies, equipment, and technical personnel; c) travel to aging-related meetings or training; and (d) statistical services including personnel and computer time. nia will contribute up to $5,000 per year toward the research development costs of the award recipient, which must be justified and consistent with the candidates stage of development and the proportion of time to be spent in research or career development activities, plus a one-time additional $1,500 in the first year of the k00 award to defray travel costs to attend a mandatory nia-sponsored conference. salary for mentors, secretarial and administrative assistants, etc. is not allowed. indirect costs allowable costs: f99 phase nih does not separately reimburse indirect costs (also known as facilities & administrative (f&a) costs) for fellowships. costs for administering the f99 awards are part of the institutional allowance. see https://researchtraining.nih.gov/resources/policy-notices . allowable costs: k00 phase indirect costs (also known as facilities & administrative (f&a) costs) are reimbursed at 8% of modified total direct costs. stipend levels, as well as funding amounts for tuition and fees and the institutional allowance are announced annually in the nih guide for grants and contracts, and are also posted on the ruth l. kirschstein national research service award (nrsa) webpage . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-DA-15-018,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nida intends to commit a total of $3 million in fy 2015 to make 5 - 8 awards. award budget application budgets need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. the budget for the r21 cannot exceed $250k direct costs per year. the budget for the r33 phase cannot exceed $500k direct costs per year. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum period of the combined r21 and r33 phases is 5 years, with up to 3 years for the r21 phase and up to 2 years for the r33 phase. applications with a project period less than 5 years are encouraged where feasible. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HL-11-019,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity will use the p30 award mechanism(s). the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses non-modular budget formats described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). 2. funds available the total amount of funds expected to be awarded through this foa is up to $1 million over two years. the anticipated number of awards is approximately five. the range of maximum expected direct costs for each research award is $140k per year for two years (phase i). all awards in phase i are anticipated to be extended to two years in duration. phase ii will be awarded based on success in phase i, under a separate foa to be released at a later date in a limited competition. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation, see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. section
RFA-AI-14-058,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niaid intends to commit $2.9 million in fy 2015 to fund 2-3 awards. award budget application budgets are limited to $600,000 per year in total costs for the uh2 phase and $1.45 million in total costs for each year of the uh3 phase. application budgets need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period project periods should reflect the scope of the work proposed. the uh2 phase may request up to two years of support and the uh3 phase may request up to 3 years of support. niaid anticipates that awards will range from 3 to 5 years. the total award project period is limited to five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HD-18-009,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new renewal of rfa hd-13-006 the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. nichd intends to commit approximately $4.8 million in total costs (direct plus facilities and administrative (f&a) costs) in fy 2018 to fund new and/or renewal awards. award budget applications for the rus may request a budget for direct costs of up to $155,000 per year for ru base costs and $410,000 direct costs under other expenses as restricted funds, to be used for multiple protocols including a maternal neonatal health registry. application budgets need to reflect actual needs of the proposed budget. award project period each ru applicant may request a project period of up to five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DK-16-032,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the niddk intends to commit $2.4 million in fy 2017 to fund 2 awards. award budget application budgets are limited to $750,000 in direct costs per year. award project period the project period for an application submitted in response to this funding opportunity may not exceed five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-MH-19-525,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? required: only accepting applications that propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nih intends to commit an estimated $10 million (total costs) per year to fund 3-4 awards. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the total project period for an application submitted to this funding announcement may not exceed 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-DK-16-010,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niddk intends to commit $4.3 million to fund up to six clinical centers and one scientific data research center (sdrc), through this foa and rfa-dk-16-507 , respectively. award budget application budgets for the clinical centers are limited to $250,000 in direct costs per year. application budgets should reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-MH-08-090,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity announcement (foa) will use the nih research project grant ( r01) award mechanism. the applicant will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ). specifically, if you are a u.s. organization and are submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs), use the phs398 modular budget component provided in the sf424 (r&r) application package and sf424 (r&r) application guide (see specifically section 5.4, modular budget component, of the application guide). u.s. applicants requesting more than $250,000 in annual direct costs and all foreign applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component found in the application package for this foa. see not-od-06-096 , august 23, 2006. 2. funds available because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the institutes and centers (ics) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. the nimh, intends to commit approximately $1,500,000 in fiscal year 2008 to fund approximately 4-6 new grants in response to this foa. the earliest anticipated start date for this foa is september 30, 2008. the total project period for an application submitted in response to this foa may be up to three years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. f&a costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 , november 2, 2004.
RFA-TW-21-004,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose mentored training in clinical trial(s). need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the issuing ic and partner components intend to commit an estimated total of $6.2 million in fy 2022 to fund up to six awards. award budget application budgets are limited to up to $1 million in direct costs/year per award. award project period the total project period for an application submitted in response to this funding opportunity announcement may not exceed 5 years. other award budget information stipends, tuition, and fees awards provide stipends as a subsistence allowance to help defray living expenses during the research training experience. trainees may be paid a stipend commensurate to their professional experience. while tuition and fees are not expected for the research training supported by this award, limited fees for special short-term training to complement research projects may be supported. trainee travel trainee travel to attend scientific meetings and workshops that the institution determines to be necessary for the individuals research training experience is an allowable expense. each trainee is expected to attend the orientation at nih in the summer preceding their training year. at the discretion of the pd(s)/pi(s), former trainees who need to travel in order to present work produced during the program is also an allowable expense. training related expenses applicants may budget funds to help defray other research training expenses directly related to the trainee's research project, such as trainee visas, health insurance, staff salaries, consultant costs, compensation for mentors when this is not part of their normal university responsibilities and site support to the lmic host, equipment (not exceeding $5,000), research supplies, internet access, publication costs, and faculty/staff travel directly related to the research training program. these expenses must be justified as specifically required by the proposed program and must not duplicate items generally available at the applicant institution. funds to cover administration and hosting of u.s. and lmic trainees at lmic institutions and/or research project sites and for short-term experiences of lmic trainees at u.s. sites should be factored into the per trainee cost of the program. applicants should include costs to support mentored research projects as part of training. research costs per trainee to conduct research at the lmic site should not exceed $15,000 per year. exceptions should be first discussed with the program officer. annual orientation salary for the pd(s)/pi(s), other key personnel, training and mentoring faculty and administrative staff may be requested at levels commensurate with the salary structure and benefits at the institution where they are employed and within the limits described at https://grants.nih.gov/grants/policy/salcap_summary.htm . funds may be requested to support faculty/staff travel directly related to the research training program, and for round-trip economy airfare on u.s. carriers (to the maximum extent possible), lodging and per diem for the mpd(s)/mpi(s) to attend the annual program orientation meeting, held at the nih. support for senior/key personnel, faculty and collaborators to attend scientific meetings and conferences are not allowed. indirect costs indirect costs (also known as facilities & administrative [f&a] costs) are reimbursed at 8% of modified total direct costs (exclusive of tuition and fees, consortium costs in excess of $25,000, and expenditures for equipment), rather than on the basis of a negotiated rate agreement. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-DA-22-003,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials. need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nida intends to commit $3,000,000 in fy 2022 to fund 8 - 10 awards. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-HD-10-018,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity will use the nih cooperative agreement (u01) award mechanism(s). this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses non-modular budget formats described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). this funding opportunity will use a cooperative agreement award mechanism. in the cooperative agreement mechanism, the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) retains the primary responsibility and dominant role for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project, with nih staff being substantially involved as a partner with the principal investigator, as described under the section vi. 2. administrative requirements , "cooperative agreement terms and conditions of award". 2. funds available the estimated amount of funds available for support of 5 projects awarded as a result of this announcement is $5,541 k for fiscal year 2011. niaaas commitment is $1,167,000, nichd s commitment is $3,864,000, and nidcds commitment is $510,000. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. the expected direct costs for each award will range from $400,000 to $1,200,000. the total project period for an application submitted in response to this funding opportunity may not exceed five years. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation, see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. section
RFA-AR-09-002,section ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity will use the revision (formerly referred to as competing supplement ) to the u01, u54, p01, p50 or p60 award mechanism(s). the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses non-modular budget formats described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). 2. funds available the estimated amount of funds available for support of up to 10 birt projects awarded as a result of this announcement is $ 1m direct cost for both rfa-ar-09-001 and rfa-ar-09-002 in fiscal year 20 09 . future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of niams provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation, see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AI-20-043,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new renewal to rfa-ai-15-038 the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards niaid intends to commit a total of $1.775 million in fy 2021 to fund 1 award. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period must be 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-AT-21-003,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the nih blueprint for neuroscience research institutes intend to commit approximately $3.6 million in total costs for fy 2021 to fund 6 - 8 awards. award budget application budgets need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. the budgets are limited to $375,000 direct costs annually. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-HL-13-020,ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nhlbi intends to fund three to five new awards in fy 2013, 2014, and 2015, corresponding to a total of $900,000 for new grants per fiscal year. this foa uses just-in-time concepts (see sf424 (r&r) application guide ). it also uses the non-modular budget format. applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the sf424 research and related (r&r) budget component found in the application package for this foa. allowable costs must be consistent with nih policy and be reasonable, allocable, well documented and fully justified for the research education program proposed in the application. grant funds may not be used to supplant funds otherwise available at the applicant institution, nor can they be used to circumvent or supplement funds provided to individuals supported by the ruth l. kirschstein national research service award (nrsa) programs. award budget although the size of the award may vary within the scope of the research education program proposed, it is expected that applications will stay within the following budgetary guidelines: the total institutional annual direct cost should not exceed $319,000. award project period the total project period for an application submitted in response to this funding opportunity may not exceed 5 years. other award budget information personnel costs individuals designing, directing, and implementing the research education program may request salary and fringe benefits appropriate for the person months devoted to the program. salaries requested may not exceed the levels commensurate with the institution's policy for similar positions and may not exceed the congressionally mandated cap. (if mentoring interactions and other activities with students/participants are considered a regular part of an individual's academic duties, then any costs associated with the mentoring and other interactions with students/participants are not allowable costs from grant funds). support may be requested up to $2,000 per month total, to be utilized during the participants' two to three months per year research experience. the maximum allowable expense of $6,000 cannot be exceeded for a 3 month training program per year. the amount requested may be divided among the pd(s)/pi(s), or multiple pd(s)/pi(s), if applicable, and other personnel (clerical, administrative staff). funds may not be requested for the mentors. participant costs participants may be paid if specifically required for the proposed research education program and sufficiently justified. participant costs must be itemized in the proposed budget allowable participant costs depend on the educational level/career status of the individuals to be selected to participate in the program. undergraduate students: the salary and fringe benefits for an undergraduate participant should be consistent with the institutional salary policies for employees in similar positions. institutional rates for undergraduate salaries should be no more than $10 per hour plus fringe benefits, only when such benefits are provided to other employees in similar positions. an additional amount of $2,400 per participant for supplies, per diem (including housing) and travel (scientific meeting and/or to and from grantee institution) may also be requested. funds may not be used to purchase any equipment, except to accommodate individuals with disabilities, as described below. health professional student participants: the nih will provide compensation that: (1) conforms to the established, consistently applied salary and wage policies of the institution; and (2) reflects the percentage of time devoted to the phs-funded project. for health professional students participants this compensation may include salary and fringe benefits not to exceed $755 per week (see: not-od-12-033). additional funds up to $4,000 per participant for supplies, per diem (including housing) and travel (scientific meetings and/or to and from grantee institution) may also be requested. funds may not be used to purchase any equipment. reasonable accommodations for individuals with disabilities : as part of this award, funds may be requested to make changes or adjustments in the research setting that will make it possible for an otherwise qualified employee with a disability to perform the essential functions associated with his/her role on the project. the accommodations requested under this program must be directly related to the performance of the proposed role on the research project and must be appropriate to the disabilities of the individual. some types of accommodations that might be provided include specialized equipment, assistive devices and personnel such as readers, interpreters, or assistants. in all cases, the total funds for accommodations must be reasonable and documentation of the disability should be included when a request for additional funds is made post-award. these additional funds are in excess of the expenses allowed under participation costs above. because the r25 mechanism is not intended as a substitute for an nrsa institutional training program (t32), costs to support full-time participants (supported for 40 hours/week for a continuous, 12-month period) are not allowable. other program-related expenses nhlbi does not allow funds for other program-related expenses such as equipment, supplies, consultants, and travel. indirect costs indirect costs (also known as facilities & administrative [f&a] costs) are reimbursed at 8% of modified total direct costs (exclusive of tuition and fees and expenditures for equipment), rather than on the basis of a negotiated rate agreement. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od 05-004. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-RM-12-010,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement application types allowed new the oer glossary and the phs398 application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nih common fund will commit at least $2.5 m/year total costs for five years to support one award intended to be funded in 2013. although the financial plans of the nih provides support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations.. award budget application budgets are limited to $2m total costs and must reflect actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the total award period requested for this foa may not exceed five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HD-22-004,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new renewal resubmission the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials. need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nichd intends to commit $3,000,000 in fy 2022 to fund up to two awards. award budget new , resubmission, and renewal applications may request up to $1,000,000 in direct costs (excluding subcontract facilities and administrative [f&a] costs) for each project year. no escalation/inflationary increases in noncompeting years may be requested. applicants should discuss equipment requests with nichd staff early in the planning phase and must receive permission from the institute to include equipment costs in their budget request. final decisions on equipment requests will depend on the nature of the justification and the institute's fiscal situation. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-GM-09-009,section ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity will use the p50 specialized center award mechanism(s). the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses non-modular budget formats described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). 2. funds available the nigms intends to commit up to $7 million in total cost in fy 2009 to fund up to two new and/or renewal applications in response to this foa. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. an applicant may request a project period of up to five years and a budget in direct costs up to $2 million per year. funds for initial large equipment may be requested in excess of the $2 million limit if prior approval is obtained from staff responsible for scientific/research issues, listed in section vii.1. the fifth year support of new awardees is conditional on a successful administrative site visit in the third year. the earliest anticipated start date is july 1, 2009. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the nigms provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-NS-19-021,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? required: only accepting applications that propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nih intends to fund approximately five awards, corresponding to a total of $4,000,000 for fiscal year 2019 and $16,000,000 for each fiscal year 2020 to 2023. this excludes costs for heal pain ern ccc, dcc and biostatistical core. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the required project period for the ug3 phase is one year, and the maximum project period for the uh3 phase is four years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-DK-18-502,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed renewal applications only for the awards supported under rfa-dk-13-011 . the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the niddk intends to commit $ 6.5 million in fy 2019 to support two related approaches to the continuation of the children network as embodied in rfa-dk-18-501 and rfa-dk-18-502. it is expected that one award will be supported in fy 2019 under under rfa-dk-18-502. award budget initial award may be no more than $2 million direct costs per year may be requested. based on project data provided in the annual rppr and through other sources of site performance information, the award may be adjusted (e.g., reduced or increased above the initial budget threshold) to accommodate scientific needs associated with the network operations and scientific projects. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-HD-14-020,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nichd intends to commit $2,500,000 in fy 2015 to fund one award. award budget an applicant for the dcc may request a budget for direct costs up to $800,000 per year. in addition, the dcc should request not more than $1,300,000 total costs per year in the patient and protocol cost category for distribution to the clinical sites, and support for required monitoring and data and safety monitoring board (dsmb) visits, and advisory board support. award project period an applicant for the dcc may request a project period of five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AG-19-005,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. nia intends to commit $1,500,000 in fy 2019 to fund 1 award. award budget application budgets are limited to $1,000,000 in annual direct costs. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-CA-14-006,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new resubmission to this foa or a prior issuance of this foa ( e.g. , rfa-ca-13-004 ) the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nci intends to fund an estimate of 2 awards, corresponding to a total of $700,000, for fiscal year 2015. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget direct costs are limited to $300,000 in direct costs per year. application budgets must reflect actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the total project period request may not exceed 3 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DA-21-002,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nida intends to commit $1,000,000 in fy 2021 to fund 3 awards. award budget the combined budget for direct costs for the two-year project period may not exceed $275,000. no more than $200,000 may be requested in any single year. award project period the maximum project period is 2 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-AR-20-001,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new resubmission revision the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the niams intends to commit approximately $3 million in fy2020 and fy2021 to support up to 8-10 new awards combined from the companion foas for r01s (this foa) and r21s (rfa-ar-20-002). awards issued under this foa are contingent upon the availability of funds and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. award budget budgets for direct costs of up to $300,000 per year may be requested. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is four years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-AT-07-005,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity announcement (foa) will use the r21 award mechanism. the applicant will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see the modular applications and awards section of the nih grants policy statement . specifically, if you are a u. s. institution submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs), use the phs398 modular budget component provided in the sf424 (r&r) application package and sf424 (r&r) application guide (see specifically section 5.4, modular budget component, of the application guide). all foreign applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component found in the application package for this foa. see not-od-06-096 , august 23, 2006. at this time, it is not known if this foa will be reissued. 2. funds available because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the institutes and centers (ics) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. the total project period for an application submitted in response to this funding opportunity may not exceed 2 years. although the size of award may vary with the scope of research proposed, it is expected that applications will stay within the budgetary guidelines for an exploratory/developmental project. direct costs are limited to $275,000 over a two-year period, with no more than $200,000 in direct costs allowed in any single year. applicants may request direct costs in $25,000 modules, up to the total direct costs limitation of $275,000 for the combined two-year award period. the participating organization(s) nccam and nci intend to commit approximately $ 7 00,000 dollars in fy20 08 to fund two applications. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 , november 2, 2004.
RFA-DA-13-011,section ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nida intends to support 4 to 5 r21 applications solicited through this foa. a companion foa, rfa-da-13-010 , will support an additional 6 or 8 r01 research project grant applications. nida intends to commit up to $5 million in total costs in fy 2013 to support meritorious projects solicited through these two foas. award budget the combined budget for direct costs for the two year project period may not exceed $275,000. no more than $200,000 may be requested in any single year. applicants may request direct costs in $25,000 modules, up to the total direct costs limitation of $275,000 for the combined two-year award period. award project period the total project period for an application submitted in response to this funding opportunity may not exceed two years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-ES-15-020,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new resubmission the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niehs intends to commit $3.0 million per year in fiscal years 2017, 2018, and 2019 to fund 5-6 awards each year. award budget for most applications, the budget for direct costs should be limited to $250,000 per year, plus the portion of the additional $250,000 budget for career enhancement which will be distributed over a 5-year award period. note: the $250,000 career enhancement budget will be distributed over a 5-year period but does not have to be distributed evenly across each year. with strong justification, research projects which have inherently higher costs may request direct costs of up to $400,000 per year, plus career enhancement. in no year may the total direct cost budget (research plus career enhancement) exceed $475,000 per year. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-CA-14-003,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new resubmission to this foa or a prior issuance of this foa the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nci intends to fund an estimate of 22 awards, corresponding to a total of $5,000,000, for fiscal year 2015. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget direct costs are limited to $500,000 over a 3-year period, with no more than $200,000 in direct costs allowed in any single year. application budgets must reflect actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the total project period request may not exceed 3 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-RM-10-015,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this foa will use the r21 award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts (see sf424 (r&r) application guide ) . it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ) . specifically, a u.s. organization submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs) must use the phs398 modular budget component. u.s. applicants requesting more than $250,000 in annual direct costs and all foreign applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component. 2. funds available approximately $1.2m has been set aside in fy2011 to fund approximately 6 research grants, contingent upon receiving scientifically meritorious proposals. the expected direct costs are a maximum of $200,000 in any one year and $275,000 over the project period of up to two years. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HL-18-021,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide etails on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nhlbi intends to commit total costs up to $2,500,000 per year in fiscal years 2018 through 2022 to fund up to 3 awards. award budget application budgets may not exceed direct costs of $500,000 per year in fiscal years 2018 through 2022. administrative coordinating center - an additional $100,000 in direct costs per year will be available for one site selected to serve as the administrative coordinating center for the entire program. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AG-07-003,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity announcement (foa) will use the r21 award mechanism. the applicant will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses the modular budget formats (see the modular applications and awards section of the nih grants policy statement . specifically, if you are submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs), use the phs398 modular budget component provided in the sf424 (r&r) application package and sf424 (r&r) application guide (see specifically section 5.4, modular budget component, of the application guide). competing renewal (formerly competing continuation ) applications will not be accepted in response to this foa. at this time, it is not known if this foa will be reissued. 2. funds available because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the national institute on aging (nia) and the nih office of dietary supplements (ods) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. the total project period for an application submitted in response to this funding opportunity may not exceed 2 years. although the size of award may vary with the scope of research proposed, it is expected that applications will stay within the budgetary guidelines for an exploratory/developmental project. direct costs are limited to $275,000 over a two-year period, with no more than $200,000 in direct costs allowed in any single year. applicants may request direct costs in $25,000 modules, up to the total direct costs limitation of $275,000 for the combined two-year award period. the nia and the ods intend to commit up to $1.8 million total costs in fiscal year 2007 to fund a maximum of four applications received in response to this rfa. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 , november 2, 2004. section
RFA-AA-18-002,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niaaa intends to commit $4 million dollars in fy 2018 to fund up to 9 awards. award budget application budgets should reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the maximum project period may not exceed 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HG-09-011,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this foa will use the nih research project grant (r01) award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts (see sf424 (r&r) application guide ) . it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ) . specifically, a u.s. organization submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs) must use the phs398 modular budget component. u.s. applicants requesting more than $250,000 in annual direct costs and all foreign applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component. 2. funds available nhgri intends to commit approximately $5 million total costs in fiscal year 2010 to fund 2-7 applications. an applicant may request a project period of up to 4 years and a budget for direct costs up to $1.5 million per year. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DK-20-501,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? required: only accepting applications that propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards in fy 2021, niddk intends to commit $7 million, nc?i intends to commit $2 million, and nia intends to commit$1 millionto support the continuation of the dppos study. it is anticipated that awards will be made to 21 clinical centers under this foa and to one biostatistics research center under linked companion rfa-dk-20-502. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the maximum project period is one year. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-MH-14-080,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nimh intends to commit approximately $2,000,000 in fy 2014 to fund six to nine awards. award budget direct costs are limited to a maximum of $175,000 per year for the r21 phase and less than $500,000 per year for the r33 phase. although treated as direct costs, consortium f&a does not apply toward any direct cost cap. the r21 and r33 cannot be funded in the same fiscal year. award project period the total project period for a combined r21/r33 application may not exceed 5 years, with no more than three years for either the r21 phase or the r33 phase. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DK-12-003,ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the phs398 application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niddk intends to commit $1 million in fy 2012. award budget applicants may request no more than $200,000 in direct costs per year. the maximum budget for the education enrichment program is $25,000.. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is two years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-RM-13-016,ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the phs 398 application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the nih common fund intends to commit $30 million to fund approximately ten awards, contingent on the number of meritorious applications received and availability of funds. award budget applications may request up to $3.0 million (total costs) in the first year. applications may propose budget increases in year 2 through year 4 to support additional build students, not to exceed $5.3 million (total costs) in any one year. because the nature and scope of the proposed projects may vary among institutions, it is anticipated that the size of each award will also vary. award project period the project period may not exceed 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-MH-20-330,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the following nih components intend to commit the following amounts in fy 2020: nimh intends to commit an estimate of $2,000,000 (total costs) in fy 2020 to fund 3-5 awards in response to this foa and the companion foa. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. ninds intends to commit approximately $1,500,000 (total costs) in fy 2020 to fund 2-3 awards in response to this foa . future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-AT-22-002,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials. need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards issuing ic and partner components intend to commit estimated total costs of a minimum of $1,525,000 and up to a maximum of $3,000,000 to fund one award. award budget award budget of $1,525,000 total costs per year. the budget may increase to a maximum budget of up to $3,000,000 if additional trials are linked to the resources of the coordinating center, with an increase of $100,000 total costs for each extra trial an institute or center supports. award project period the maximum project period is 6 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-AG-10-006,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this foa will use the r01 award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts (see sf424 (r&r) application guide ) . it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ) . specifically, a u.s. organization submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs) must use the phs398 modular budget component. u.s. applicants requesting more than $250,000 in annual direct costs and all foreign applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component. 2. funds available it is expected that the nia will award a total amount of $750,000 through this announcement. one to two awards are anticipated. the expected direct cost amount for individual awards is expected to range from $350,000-750,000. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-ES-16-002,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new resubmission the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nih intends to fund a combined estimate of 6-7 awards, corresponding to a total of $1.5 million, for fiscal year 2017 for rfa-es-16-002 and rfa-es-16-003. award budget award budgets are composed of salary and other program-related expenses, as described below. award project period the total project period may not exceed 4 years. other award budget information salary nih will contribute up to $ 185,100 per year toward the salary of the career award recipient. further guidance on budgeting for career development salaries is provided in the sf424 (r&r) application guide. the total salary, however, may not exceed the legislatively mandated salary cap. see: http://grants.nih.gov/grants/policy/salcap_summary.htm . other program-related expenses nih will contribute $40,000 per year toward the research development costs of the award recipient, which must be justified and consistent with the stage of development of the candidate and the proportion of time to be spent in research or career development activities. salary for mentors, secretarial and administrative assistants, etc. is not allowed. indirect costs indirect costs (also known as facilities & administrative [f&a] costs) are reimbursed at 8% of modified total direct costs. nih grant policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DK-11-009,ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the phs398 application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the niddk intends to commit approximately $2.4 million dollars in fy 2012 for 2 awards. award budget application budgets are limited to $750,000 in direct costs per year. these budget limits are exclusive of f&a costs on consortium and subcontract arrangements. award project period the project period for an application submitted in response to this funding opportunity may not exceed five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HD-22-008,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s). need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the nichd and partnering institutes intend to commit an estimated total of $24.5 million for this funding opportunity and the companion foa for ace networks ( rfa-hd-22-007 ) to fund 8-10 awards. the exact number of awards will be contingent upon availability of funds and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. award budget applications may request up to $1.5 million in direct costs per year (excluding subaward f & a costs) and need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-AG-19-024,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. nia intends to commit $1,000,000 in fy19 to fund one award. award budget budget requests may not exceed $700,000 in annual direct costs. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-CA-12-007,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement application types allowed new renewal resubmission the oer glossary and the phs398 application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the national cancer institute intends to commit an estimated total of $12 million for 16-18 awards in fy 2013. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget application budgets are not limited, but need to reflect actual needs of the proposed project. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, the size of each award will also vary. award project period the total project period proposed may not exceed 3 years for new applications and 5 years for renewal applications. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DK-11-017,ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement application types allowed new the oer glossary and the phs398 application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niddk intends to commit $1,500,000 in fy 2012. nichd intends to commit $300,000 in fy 2012. award budget application budgets are not limited, but need to reflect actual needs of the proposed project a total budget of $1,800,000 is projected. approximately $1,200,000 direct costs. award project period the maximum period of funding is up to 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-MH-21-100,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards n imh intends to commit a total of $6.0 million in fiscal year 2020. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-AI-08-014,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity will use the multi-project u19 cooperative agreement award mechanism. as an applicant, you will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this funding opportunity uses the just-in-time budget concepts. it also uses the non-modular budget format described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). a detailed categorical budget for the "initial budget period" and the "entire proposed period of support" is to be submitted with the application. the nih u 19 is a cooperative agreement award mechanism. in the cooperative agreement mechanism, the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) retains the primary responsibility and dominant role for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project, with nih staff being substantially involved as a partner with the pd/pi, as described in section vi.2.administrative requirements, "cooperative agreement terms and conditions of award. at this time, niaid has not determined whether and how this solicitation will be continued beyond the present foa. 2. funds available the niaid intends to commit approximately $ 25 million in fy20 09 to fund 7-9 new and/or competing renewal applications in response to this foa. in addition, approximately $1 million per year will be allocated in a discretionary fund to support collaborative resources that arise in the course of this program . the total project period for an application submitted in response to this funding opportunity may not exceed 5 years. although the size of award may vary with the scope of research proposed, applicants may request no more than $2 million direct costs per year. funds may not be used for renovations or alterations. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the niaid provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 .
RFA-NS-18-030,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards issuing ic and partner components intend to commit an estimated total of $15 m to fund 20 awards. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-RM-20-008,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the office of strategic coordination (common fund) intends to commit $2.5m in fy 2020 to fund 1 award. the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. award budget application budgets are limited to $1.75 million direct costs per year (excluding consortium facilities and administrative (f&a) costs) and must reflect actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the total project period requested for this foa may not exceed five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-DA-18-010,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new (phase i, fast-track) the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) sbir/sttr application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nida intends to commit $2m in fy 2018 to fund 4-6 awards. award budget according to statutory guidelines, total funding support (direct costs, indirect costs, fee) normally may not exceed $150,000 for phase i awards and $1,000,000 for phase ii awards. with appropriate justification from the applicant, congress will allow awards to exceed these amounts by up to 50% as a hard cap ($225,000 for phase i and $1,500,000 for phase ii). applicants are strongly encouraged to contact nih scientific/research officials prior to submitting any application in excess of the guidelines and early in the application planning process. in all cases, applicants should propose a budget that is reasonable and appropriate for completion of the research project. award project period durations up to 1 year for phase i and up to 2 years for phase ii may be requested. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-MH-09-080,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this foa will use the nih exploratory/developmental phased innovation grant (r21/r33) award mechanism. applicants must apply for the combined r21 and r33 award. applications using only the r21 mechanism or only the r33 mechanism will not be considered. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts (see sf424 (r&r) application guide ) . it also uses the non-modular budget formats. all applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related (r&r) budget component. modular budgets are not permitted for this foa. 2. funds available the nimh intends to commit approximately $3,000,000 in fy09 to fund 8-12 applications. the total project period for a combined r21/r33 application submitted in response to this funding opportunity may not exceed 5 years. the r21 phase may not exceed three years. the r33 phase may not exceed two years. for the r21 phase of the application, direct costs are limited to $600,000 over a three-year period. for the r33 phase of the application direct costs are limited to no more than $250,000 per year. the award of r33 funds will be based on program priorities, on the availability of funds, and on successful completion of negotiated scientific milestones as determined by nih staff in the context of peer review recommendations. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DA-22-007,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials. need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nida intends to commit $2,000,000 in fy 2022 to fund 4-6 awards in response to this foa and the companion foas. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-DK-10-002,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this foa will use the r21 award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts (see sf424 (r&r) application guide ) . it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ) . specifically, a u.s. organization submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs) must use the phs398 modular budget component. u.s. applicants requesting more than $250,000 in annual direct costs and all foreign applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component. 2. funds available the niddk expects to award up to a total of $3.45 million for this foa to fund up to 12 awards. the total project period for an application submitted in response to this funding opportunity may not exceed 2 years. direct costs are limited to $275,000 over the two years of the r21 award, with no more than $200,000 in direct costs allowed in any single year. applicants may request direct costs in $25,000 modules, up to the total direct costs limitation of $275,000 for the combined two-year award period . because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-MH-13-031,ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nimh intends to commit approximately $2 million in fy 2013 to fund 3-5 awards in response to this foa and the companion r01 foa. ninds intends to commit approximately $1.5 million in fy 2013 to fund 3-4 awards in response to this foa and the companion r01 foa. award budget direct costs are limited to $275,000 over an r21 two-year period, with no more than $200,000 in direct costs allowed in any single year. award project period the total project period for an application submitted in response to this foa may not exceed two years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HD-12-211,ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the participating ics intend to commit a combined amount for fiscal years 2012 and 2013 of approximately $2,000,000 total costs to fund 4-6 awards. awards issued under this foa are contingent upon the availability of funds and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget direct costs are limited to $275,000 over a two-year period, with no more than $200,000 in direct costs allowed in any single year. award project period the total project period for an application submitted in response to this funding opportunity may not exceed two years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HL-12-021,ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the nhlbi intends to commit $4,050,000 for up to 6 awards in fy2012. the nhlbi intends to commit an estimated total of $20.25 million over 5 years.. award budget application budgets are limited to $450,000 in direct costs in any year. funds must also be budgeted for an annual meeting of individual awardees supported by this program. award project period the project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HG-14-026,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nhgri intends to commit $1.1m in fy 2015 to fund 1 award. award budget the expected direct costs for each individual research group award are not to exceed $700,000 per year for each of the four years. award project period the total project period for this foa is 4 years (fy15 through fy18). nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-CA-19-006,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the nci intends to commit $5,000,000 in fy 2019 to fund up to four awards, depending on the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications to this and the related rfa. award budget budget is limited to $1,200,000 in direct costs per year. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-MH-09-140,section ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity will use the nih cooperative agreement (u01) award mechanism(s). the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses non-modular budget formats described in the phs 398 application instructions (see https://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). this funding opportunity will use a cooperative agreement award mechanism. in the cooperative agreement mechanism, the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) retains the primary responsibility and dominant role for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project, with nih staff being substantially involved as a partner with the principal investigator, as described under the section vi.2. administrative requirements - "cooperative agreement terms and conditions of award." 2. funds available the u.s. army and nimh have committed $10 million total costs in fiscal year 2009 to fund one application in response to this foa. the total project period for an application submitted in response to the foa may not exceed five years or $50 million total costs. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. nih grants policies as described in the http://era.nih.gov/electronicreceipt/preparing.htm for instructions). each pd/pi is expected to devote a minimum of 25% effort to the project. the decision of whether to apply for a grant with a single pd/pi or multiple pds/pis is the responsibility of the investigators and applicant organizations and should be determined by the scientific goals of the project. applications for grants with multiple pds/pis will require additional information, as outlined in the instructions below. the nih review criteria for approach, investigators, and environment have been modified to accommodate applications involving either a single pd/pi or multiple pds/pis. when considering multiple pds/pis, please be aware that the structure and governance of the pd/pi leadership team as well as the knowledge, skills and experience of the individual pds/pis will be factored into the assessment of the overall scientific merit of the application. multiple pds/pis on a project share the authority and responsibility for leading and directing the project, intellectually and logistically. each pd/pi is responsible and accountable to the grantee organization, or, as appropriate, to a collaborating organization, for the proper conduct of the project or program, including the submission of required reports. for further information on multiple pds/pis, please see https://grants.nih.gov/grants/multi_pi . 2. cost sharing or matching this program does not require cost sharing as defined in the current nih grants policy statement . 3. other-special eligibility criteria an nih intramural scientist may not serve as the pd/pi of an application submitted in response to this foa, but may participate in the study as a collaborator or consultant. to serve as a collaborator or consultant, the nih intramural scientist must provide justification for this involvement and description of the funds needed to support this involvement to his/her nih institute scientific director. the scientific director must give written approval for the participation and for the amount of resources that may be allocated to the project; this amount must be specified in the approval letter, and may not exceed 5 percent of the resources allocated to the foa. the requests by intramural scientists will be limited to certain resources needed for participation. these requests will not include any salary and related fringe benefits for career, career conditional or other federal employees (civilian or uniformed service) with permanent appointments under existing position ceilings or any costs related to administrative of facilities support (equivalent to facilities and administrative or f&a costs). the approval must also specify that the conduct of the project will comply with the dhhs regulations for research involving human subjects and with the phs policy on vertebrate animal research (if applicable). the participation of an intramural scientist on an extramural application is independent of and unrelated to the role of the nimh project scientist(s) as described in the terms and conditions of award. for applications that include nih intramural components, no funds for the support of the intramural scientist may be requested in the application. the involvement of intramural scientists needs to be consistent with nih policy. http://www1.od.nih.gov/oir/sourcebook/ethic-conduct/ethical-conduct-toc.htm . applicants are not permitted to submit a resubmission application in response to this foa. renewal applications are not permitted in response to this foa. applicants may submit more than one application, provided each application is scientifically distinct. section iv. application and submission information 1. address to request application information the phs 398 application instructions are available at https://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html in an interactive format. applicants must use the currently approved version of the phs 398. for further assistance contact grantsinfo, telephone (301) 710-0267, email: grantsinfo@nih.gov . telecommunications for the hearing impaired: tty 301-451-5939. 2. content and form of application submission applications must be prepared using the most current phs 398 research grant application instructions and forms. applications must have a d&b data universal numbering system (duns) number as the universal identifier when applying for federal grants or cooperative agreements. the d&b number can be obtained by calling (866) 705-5711 or through the web site at http://www.dnb.com/us/ . the d&b number should be entered on line 11 of the face page of the phs 398 form. the title and number of this funding opportunity must be typed in item (box) 2 only of the face page of the application form and the yes box must be checked. applications with multiple pds/pis when multiple pd/pis are proposed, use the face page-continued page to provide items 3a  3h for all pd/pis. nih requires one pd/pi be designated as the contact pd/pi for all communications between the pd/pis and the agency. the contact pd/pi must meet all eligibility requirements for pd/pi status in the same way as other pd/pis, but has no special roles or responsibilities within the project team beyond those mentioned above. the contact pd/pi may be changed during the project period. the contact pd/pi should be listed in block 3 of form page 1 (the face page), with all additional pd/pis listed on form page 1-continued. when inserting the name of the pd/pi in the header of each application page, use the name of the contact pd/pi, et. al. the contact pd/pi must be from the applicant organization if pd/pis are from more than one institution. all individuals designated as pd/pi must be registered in the era commons and must be assigned the pd/pi role in that system (other roles will not give the pd/pi the appropriate access to the application records). each pd/pi must include their respective era commons id in the era commons user name field. all projects proposing multiple pds/pis will be required to include a new section describing the leadership plan approach for the proposed project. multiple pd/pi leadership plan : for applications designating multiple pds/pis, a new section of the research plan, entitled multiple pd/pi leadership plan must be included. a rationale for choosing a multiple pd/pi approach should be described. the governance and organizational structure of the leadership team and the research project should be described, and should include communication plans, process for making decisions on scientific direction, and procedures for resolving conflicts. the roles and administrative, technical, and scientific responsibilities for the project or program should be delineated for the pds/pis and other collaborators. if budget allocation is planned, the distribution of resources to specific components of the project or the individual pds/pis should be delineated in the leadership plan. in the event of an award, the requested allocations may be reflected in a footnote on the notice of award. additional information is available in the phs 398 grant application instructions . 3. submission dates and times applications must be received on or before the receipt date described below ( section iv.3.a ). submission times n/a. 3.a. receipt, review and anticipated start dates letters of intent receipt date: march 3, 2009 application receipt date: april 3, 2009 peer review date: april 2009 council review date(s): may 2009 earliest anticipated start date: july 1, 2009 expiration date: april 4, 2009 3.a.1. letter of intent prospective applicants are asked to submit a letter of intent that includes the following information: descriptive title of proposed research name, address, and telephone number of the principal investigator names of other key personnel participating institutions number and title of this funding opportunity although a letter of intent is not required, is not binding, and does not enter into the review of a subsequent application, the information that it contains allows ic staff to estimate the potential review workload and plan the review. the letter of intent is to be sent by the date listed in section iv.3.a. the letter of intent should be sent to: robert heinssen, ph.d., abpp division of services and intervention research national institute of mental health 6001 executive boulevard, room 7164, msc 9635 bethesda, md 20892-9635 rockville, md 20852-9635 (for express/courier service) telephone: (301) 435-0371 email: rheinsse@mail.nih.gov 3.b. sending an application to the nih applications must be prepared using the forms found in the phs 398 instructions for preparing a research grant application. submit a signed, typewritten original of the application, including the checklist, and three signed photocopies in one package to: center for scientific review national institutes of health 6701 rockledge drive, room 1040, msc 7710 bethesda, md 20892-7710 (u.s. postal service express or regular mail) bethesda, md 20817 (for express/courier service; non-usps service) personal deliveries of applications are no longer permitted (see https://grants.nih.gov/grants/guide/notice-files/not-od-03-040.html ). at the time of submission, two additional copies of the application and all five identical copies of the cds of appendix material must be sent to: jean g. noronha, ph.d. division of extramural activities national institute of mental health 6001 executive boulevard, room 6154, msc 9609 bethesda, md 20892-9609 rockville, md 20852 (for express/courier service) telephone: (301) 443-3367 fax: (301) 443-4720 email: jnoronha@mail.nih.gov 3.c. application processing applications must be received on or before the application receipt date) described above ( section iv.3.a. ). if an application is received after that date, the application may be delayed in the review process or not reviewed. upon receipt, applications will be evaluated for completeness by the csr and for responsiveness by the reviewing institute. incomplete and/or non-responsive applications will not be reviewed. the nih will not accept any application in response to this funding opportunity that is essentially the same as one currently pending initial review, unless the applicant withdraws the pending application. however, when a previously unfunded application, originally submitted as an investigator-initiated application, is to be submitted in response to a funding opportunity, it is to be prepared as a new application. that is, the application for the funding opportunity must not include an introduction describing the changes and improvements made, and the text must not be marked to indicate the changes from the previous unfunded version of the application. information on the status of an application should be checked by the principal investigator in the era commons at: https://commons.era.nih.gov/commons/ . 4. intergovernmental review this initiative is not subject to intergovernmental review . 5. funding restrictions all nih awards are subject to the terms and conditions, cost principles, and other considerations described in the nih grants policy statement. the grants policy statement can be found at nih grants policy statement . pre-award costs are allowable. a grantee may, at its own risk and without nih prior approval, incur obligations and expenditures to cover costs up to 90 days before the beginning date of the initial budget period of a new award if such costs: 1) are necessary to conduct the project, and 2) would be allowable under the grant, if awarded, without nih prior approval. if specific expenditures would otherwise require prior approval, the grantee must obtain nih approval before incurring the cost. nih prior approval is required for any costs to be incurred more than 90 days before the beginning date of the initial budget period of a new award. the incurrence of pre-award costs in anticipation of a competing or non-competing award imposes no obligation on nih either to make the award or to increase the amount of the approved budget if an award is made for less than the amount anticipated and is inadequate to cover the pre-award costs incurred. nih expects the grantee to be fully aware that pre-award costs result in borrowing against future support and that such borrowing must not impair the grantee's ability to accomplish the project objectives in the approved time frame or in any way adversely affect the conduct of the project (see nih grants policy statement https://grants.nih.gov/archive/grants/policy/nihgps_2003/index.htm .) 6. other submission requirements and information supplemental instructions the objectives and goals for the proposed study should be relevant to and compatible with the scientific priorities stated in the research objectives section of this funding opportunity. applicants should describe their plans to accommodate stated requirements, criteria, and nimh involvement. the research teams that respond to this foa are expected to include outstanding scientists with diverse expertise relevant to achieving the studys aims, such as psychiatric epidemiology, psychopathology research, mental illness risk factor research (including genetic and/or neurobiological approaches where appropriate) population survey research methods, public health, suicide risk and intervention research, psychological resilience/hardiness research, prevention science, clinical trial design and implementation, data management and analysis, and statistics/biostatistics. applicants should possess adequate knowledge of army policies and practices, as relevant to achieving the research aims of the investigation. evidence of expertise in these areas must be documented in the research grant application. in addition to the details described here for u01 applications, applicants also need to be aware of information described under section
RFA-AR-13-001,ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new renewal revisions the oer glossary and the phs398 application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations, and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. niams intends to fund up to three awards, corresponding to a total of $3.6m, for fiscal year 2013. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget an applicant may request a project period of up to 5 years and a budget for direct costs up to $800,000 per year exclusive of facilities and administrative costs of subcontracts with collaborating organizations. award project period scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum period is 5 years. for the pilot/feasibility project (no more than one may be proposed) supported by the methodology core in the p60, a yearly budget of up to $50,000 in direct costs for no more than three years may be requested. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DA-07-010,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity announcement (foa) will use the research project grant ( r01) award mechanism. the applicant will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ). specifically, if you are a u.s. organization and are submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs), use the phs398 modular budget component provided in the sf424 (r&r) application package and sf424 (r&r) application guide (see specifically section 5.4, modular budget component, of the application guide). u.s. applicants requesting more than $250,000 in annual direct costs and all foreign applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component found in the application package for this foa. see not-od-06-096 , august 23, 2006. at this time, it is not known if competing renewal (formerly competing continuation ) applications will be accepted and/or if this foa will be reissued. 2. funds available because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ics provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. the national institute on drug abuse intends to commit approximately $ 2 million dollars in fiscal year 2007 to fund a total of 6-8 for this announcement and its companion r03 rfa ( rfa-da-07-011 ). nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. f&a costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 , november 2, 2004. section
RFA-CA-17-029,ii. collaborative efforts with other partnerships within the liquid biopsy consortium. each awardee will be required to engage in collaborations with other partnerships in the network. these collaborative efforts are expected to be pre-competitive in nature and benefit all stakeholders. specific activities to be carried out will be determined post-award by the liquid biopsy consortium steering committee. nonetheless, all applicants should anticipate (and be prepared for) the following types of precompetitive activities: collaborative research on aspects generally relevant across various liquid biopsy-oriented technologies --establishing standards, best practices, planning and development of resources and reagents, including the collection of biospecimens, necessary to move a technology toward clinical utility etc.; sharing biospecimens with other partnerships (required for biospecimens to be collected under the partnership award); and validation and clinical application of sufficiently advanced technologies - technologies that have successfully completed the "harmonization/verification" phase may be selected for trans-consortium studies using appropriate cohorts of longitudinally collected samples (that would include pre-clinical samples) as well as samples representing diverse/minority populations. in the context of this foa, pre-clinical samples are those that are obtained from subjects prior to the onset of clinical symptoms. neoplasms/organ types. research proposed should be focused on those neoplasms/organ types for which liquid biopsy is likely to offer substantial clinical benefits. for example, an organ type(s) may be selected for which: there is a high prevalence of detection of non-lethal cancers associated with current screening methodologies; no tools exist for noninvasive monitoring of disease progression from indolent to malignant cancer; no noninvasive tools exist for early cancer detection in high-risk populations (genetic and/or familial predispositions); and/or tumors that are inaccessible to tissue biopsy. specific directions of interest. research proposed is expected to be relevant to the challenges identified in the background described above, that is, to improve the level of detection, sensitivity and specificity for a proposed clinical application and/or technology for capturing, isolating, purifying and characterizing circulating analytes, ctcs, ctdna, evs, etc. for early stage disease. possible focus areas include (but are not limited to) the following examples: development of new and/or validation of existing technologies, methods, assays for the detection and quantification of tumor-associated circulating cells including tumor associated macrophages, platelets and tumor regulating stroma cells from blood and/or other body fluids. development of assays that can detect/screen for multiple types of cancer from a single plasma sample (e.g. colon, lung, pancreas, breast, prostate). the assays would need to distinguish the cancer type and be compared to imaging or tissue biopsies for a definitive diagnosis. development of biosensors for real time monitoring of circulating tumor dna, cells, exosomes and other analytes. non-responsive projects the following types of activities remain outside of the scope of this foa and non-responsive to this foa. applications proposing such activities will not be reviewed. approaches that are not focused primarily on human liquid biopsies; development of new technologies for which there is lack of evidence (preliminary results and/or cancer biology literature data) that the targeted analyte(s) is(are) present in liquid biopsies; commercialization of assays or technologies; primary focus on software/informatics solutions, database development, data mining, statistical tools, and computational/mathematical modeling. see section
RFA-DK-13-503,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niddk intends to commit $5.5 million in fy 2014 for up to eight clinical centers and one data coordinating center. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. award budget awards to each clinical center will be approximately $270,000 in direct costs ($406,250 in total costs) and to the data coordination center will be approximately $1.5 million in direct costs ($2.25 million in total costs). application budgets are not limited, but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. award project period the project period may not exceed 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-CA-12-010,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement application types allowed new the oer glossary and the phs398 application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the national cancer institute intends to commit an estimated total of $90 million for up to 5 awards (up to 1 pediatric and up to 4 adult network group operations centers in fy 2014). future amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget application budgets are not limited, but need to reflect actual needs of the proposed project. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, the size of each award will vary. award project period 5 years nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-NR-09-004,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this foa will use the r01 award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts (see sf424 (r&r) application guide ) . it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ) . specifically, a u.s. organization submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs) must use the phs398 modular budget component. u.s. applicants requesting more than $250,000 in annual direct costs and all foreign applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component. 2. funds available ninr expects to commit up to $2 million funding 3 to 4 projects. the total amount awarded and the number of awards will depend upon the quality, duration, and costs of the projects that are proposed. awards issued under this foa are contingent upon the availability of funds and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. a maximum of $300,000 (direct costs) per year may be requested. the total project period for an application submitted in response to this funding opportunity may not exceed 3 years. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HD-07-020,section ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity announcement (foa) will use the nih research project grant ( r01) award mechanism. the applicant will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ). specifically, if you are a u.s. organization and are submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs), use the phs398 modular budget component provided in the sf424 (r&r) application package and sf424 (r&r) application guide (see specifically section 5.4, modular budget component, of the application guide). u.s. applicants requesting more than $250,000 in annuial direct costs and all foreign applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component found in the application package for this foa. see not-od-06-096 , august 23, 2006. at this time, it is not known if competing renewal (formerly competing continuation ) applications will be accepted and/or if this foa will be reissued. 2. funds available because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the institute provides support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. the participating organization nichd intends to commit approximately $2,500,000 dollars in fiscal year 20 08 to fund 7-9 applications. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. f&a costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 , november 2, 2004.
RFA-MH-06-002,section ii. award information 1. mechanism(s) of support this funding opportunity will use the nih research project grant (r01), small grant (r03) and the nimh interventions development grant (r34) award mechanisms. the r03 provides up to two years of funding with a maximum of $50,000 direct costs for each year. information and application instructions for the r03 grant are available at https://grants.nih.gov/grants/guide/pa-files/pa-03-108.html . the r34 grant provides up to three years of funding with a maximum of $450,000 direct costs for the project period (with no single year exceeding $225,000 in direct costs). information and application instructions for the r34 grant are available at https://grants.nih.gov/grants/guide/pa-files/par-03-078.html . as an applicant, you will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this funding opportunity uses just-in-time concepts. it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see https://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ). specifically, if you are submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less, use the modular budget format described in the phs 398 application instructions. otherwise follow the instructions for non-modular research grant applications. 2. funds available the nimh, intends to commit approximately 1.5 million dollars in fy 2006 to fund four to five new grants in response to this rfa. an applicant may request a project period of up to five years and a budget for direct costs up to $250,000 dollars per year, depending on award mechanism. the anticipated start date is july 1, 2006 and periods of performance are anticipated to be from two to five years from this start date depending on award mechanism. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation, see not-od-05-004 .
RFA-NR-12-011,section ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards ninr intends to commit $2,500,000 to fund 5-7 applications for fy2012, contingent on available funds. award budget application budgets are limited to $350,000 in direct costs in any year, not including consortium f&a costs. award project period the total project period for an application submitted in response to this funding opportunity announcement may not exceed 5 years nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-RM-18-013,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the nih common fund (office of strategic coordination) intends to commit $2.1m in fy 2018 to fund up to three awards, contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. award budget application budgets should not exceed $500,000 direct costs per year in fy2018 - 2022 and need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years (fy2018 - 2022). nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-NS-16-004,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new renewal applications from previously awarded ninds p30 core grants resubmission of applications to rfa-ns-14-013 the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards ninds intends to commit $2,000,000 in fy 2016 to fund approximately 5 awards. award budget applications may request up to $400,000 per year in direct costs. award project period the maximum project period is four years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AA-21-010,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s). need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards niaaa intends to commit a combined $4.6 million in total costs in fy2022 to fund this foa and its companion foas ( rfa-aa-21-011 , rfa-aa-21-012 , rfa-aa-21-013 , rfa-aa-21-014 ). up to eight u01 applications are expected to be funded from this foa. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-AG-21-029,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new renewal resubmission revision resubmissions and revisions from par-17-033 the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nia intends to commit $5.5 million in fy 2021 to support 2-5 awards. award budget annual direct costs are capped at $750,000. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-HD-18-035,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the nichd intends to commit $4.0 million in fy 2018 to fund up to two new and/or renewal applications in response to this foa. award budget a center should propose a budget that reflects the actual needs of the proposed projects and costs; such a budget should not exceed $1.3 million per year in direct costs, excluding third party f&a. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 4 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AI-18-042,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards niaid intends to commit $2.0m in fy 2020 to fund 3-5 awards. award budget application budgets are capped at $300,000 (direct costs) per budget period. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-HL-14-023,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new renewal resubmission the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the nhlbi intends to commit $7,600,000 in fy 2014 to fund an estimated 10 awards and $9,120,000 in fy 2015 to fund an estimated 12 awards. award budget application budgets are limited to a maximum of $499,999 direct costs in any year (excluding consortium f&a). budgets need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 4 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-ES-05-002,section ii. award information 1. mechanism(s) of support this funding opportunity will use the nih research scholar development award (k22) mechanism. this rfa is a one-time solicitation. awards are not renewable. as an applicant, you will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this funding opportunity uses just-in-time concepts. see specific instructions in section iv.6 and vi.1 . 2. funds available the niehs intends to commit approximately 500,000 dollars in fy 06 to fund 5 new grants in response to this rfa. an applicant may request a project period of up to 3 years and a budget for fiscal costs up to 100,000 dollars per year. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the niehs provides support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. administrative costs: administrative costs will be reimbursed at 8 percent of modified total fiscal costs, or at the actual administrative cost rate, whichever is less. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation, see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/guide/notice-files/not-od-05-004.html .
RFA-AI-14-013,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the following nih components intend to commit the following amounts in fy 2015: niaid $3.0 million, and ninds $400,000 in direct costs to fund 4-7 u01 and/or u19 awards. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the total project period requested for this foa may not exceed five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-CA-07-503,section ii. award information 1. mechanism(s) of support this funding opportunity will use the nih u24 award mechanism. the nih u24 is a cooperative agreement award mechanism. in the cooperative agreement mechanism, the principal investigator (pi) retains the primary responsibility and dominant role for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project, with nci staff being substantially involved as a partner with the pi, as described under the section vi. 2. administrative requirements , "cooperative agreement terms and conditions of award." after consideration of the continuing need and the advice of the evaluation committee (ec), the nci may reissue this announcement at the conclusion of the current award period. this funding opportunity uses just-in-time budget concepts. it also uses the non-modular budget format described in the phs 398 application instructions (see https://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). 2. funds available the nci intends to commit approximately $ 8.75 m (total cost) in fy 2007-2012 to fund one competing continuation grant in response to this rfa. an applicant may request a project period of up to 5 years and a budget for total costs up to $ 1.75 m dollars per year award. although the budget plans of the nci anticipate support for this atc program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon availability of funds and receipt of a meritorious application. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation, see not-od-05-004 .
RFA-HD-19-022,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? required: only accepting applications that propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. nih intends to fund up to three linked award consortia, corresponding to a total cost level of $4.1 million for fiscal year 2019. subsequent year funding has been estimated at $5.4 million total costs for four additional years subject to the availability of funds. award budget direct costs per year of each clinical site are limited to $250,000 for recruitment infrastructure (personnel, travel, etc.) and up to $600,000 direct costs for sites that provide data coordination infrastructure in addition to recruitment infrastructure. these latter sites should also request protocol (capitation) costs, i.e. a flat fee for each subject successfully enrolled and completed for each study. these costs should not exceed a maximum of $1.2m in year 1 and $2.5m in years 2-5 (in general, capitation costs are not subject to facilities and administrative costs). direct costs allotted to support functions of a single irb cannot exceed $100,000. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-AG-09-002,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity will use the u01 award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses non-modular budget formats described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). this funding opportunity will use a cooperative agreement award mechanism. in the cooperative agreement mechanism, the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) retains the primary responsibility and dominant role for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project, with nih staff being substantially involved as a partner with the principal investigator, as described under the section vi. 2. administrative requirements , "cooperative agreement terms and conditions of award". 2. funds available the estimated amount of funds available to support one project awarded as a result of this announcement is approximately $1.5 million dollars in direct costs in fy2009. an applicant may request a project period not to exceed five years and a budget for direct costs based on a comparable level of funding for future years. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation; see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. section
RFA-HG-12-005,ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new renewal. a p50 center grant will be renewable one time, for a total project period not to exceed ten years. the oer glossary and the phs398 application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nhgri intends to commit $ 2,100,000 in fy 2013 to fund 2 p50 grants. award budget application budgets for the p50 center grants are limited to $750,000 direct costs per year for up to five years. to accommodate collaborations that extend beyond single institutions, facilities & administrative (f&a) charges on the subcontracts, which are formally direct costs to the parent institution, will be excluded in considering the $750,000 cost limit. in addition, up to $75,000 in direct costs can be proposed for the budget for the trans-ceer coordinating component. this will be in addition to the $750,000 limit on direct costs. award project period the maximum period of support for a p50 center grant application is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AA-17-014,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niaaa intends to fund an estimate of up to five awards, corresponding to a total of $ 4 million, for fiscal year 2017. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget application budgets may not exceed $500,000 direct cost per year. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HG-11-003,section ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the nih intends to commit the approximately $2 million per year to this foa. it is anticipated that 3-4 grants will be awarded. award budget application budgets are limited to $500,000 per year in direct costs for each project year. it is anticipated that the budgets of many applications submitted in response to this foa will be substantially less than this amount. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the project period generally should not exceed 3 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. section
RFA-DA-15-017,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new resubmission revision the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nida intends to commit $3,000,000 in fy15 to fund 3 awards. award budget application budgets are limited to $1,000,000 direct costs and need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the project period is limited to 2 years for the uh2 phase and 3 years for the uh3 phase. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-ES-20-018,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards niehs intends to commit $4 million in fy 2022 to fund approximately 6 awards. nhgri intends to commit $.5 million in fy 2022 to potentially co-fund approximately 2 awards. nci intends to commit $1 million in fy 2022 to fund one award and potentially co-fund one additional award. award budget application budgets are limited to $499,999.00 direct costs per year. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-AI-16-086,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niaid intends to commit $ 3,150,000 in fy2018 to fund 1-2 awards. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the total project period may not exceed 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-GM-16-002,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nigms intends to commit $60 million in fy 2016 to fund up to 100 awards. award budget applications may request up to $750,000 direct costs per year. investigators are encouraged to request what is actually well justified for their research program. in general, the request should be commensurate with the investigators current total nigms research funding. cost efficiency is one of the goals of the mira program and will be one of the considerations in funding decisions. award project period applications may request a maximum project period of five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DK-09-012,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this foa will use the research project grant (r01) award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts (see sf424 (r&r) application guide ) . it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ) . specifically, a u.s. organization submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs) must use the phs398 modular budget component. 2. funds available it is anticipated dependent upon the number and scientific merit of applications received that niddk will fund 3 to 4 awards focused on diabetes at a total cost of up to $2 million per year over 3 years; it is anticipated that nhlbi will fund up to 2 to 3 awards focused on cardiovascular, lung or sleep disorders. budgets for direct costs up to $400,000 per year and duration of up to three years may be requested. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HL-17-018,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. nhlbi intends to commit total costs of up to $2,254,800 per year in fiscal years 2017 through 2023 to support research infrastructure. nci intends to commit total costs of up to $1,050,000 per year in fiscal years 2017 through 2023 to support research infrastructure. protocol funds are contingent on availability of funds at the time of award. this foa will fund up to 18 awards. award budget application budgets may not exceed direct costs of $120,000 per year in fiscal years 2017 through 2023 to support research infrastructure. protocol budgets should be commensurate with the scope and complexity of the protocol. award project period the maximum project period is seven years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HG-16-012,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new renwewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nhgri intends to commit up to $1m in fy2017 to fund 1 award. award budget application budgets should not exceed $645k direct costs per year, and must reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the total award period for this foa is 4 years (fy17-fy20). nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-ES-11-007,section ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niehs intends to commit an estimated $2.5 million in fiscal year 2011 to fund six to eight awards. award budget application budgets are not limited, but need to reflect actual needs of the proposed project. award project period applicants may propose a project period up to 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AR-10-001,section ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this foa will use the revision (formerly referred to as competitive supplement ) to the r01 award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts (see sf424 (r&r) application guide ) . it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ) . specifically, a u.s. organization submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs) must use the phs398 modular budget component. u.s. applicants requesting more than $250,000 in annual direct costs and all foreign applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component. 2. funds available the niams plans to commit $2 million in total cost in fy 2010 to fund approximately 15 birt awards. direct costs requested for the revision are limited to $100,000. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HL-17-009,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nhlbi intends to commit total costs of $2,688,000 in fiscal year 2017, $3,520,000 in fiscal year 2018 through fiscal year 2021, and $3,200,000 in fiscal year 2022 to support research infrastructure to fund up to 8 awards. protocol funds are contingent on availability of funds at the time of award. award budget application budgets are limited to $210,000 direct costs in fiscal year 2017, $275,000 direct costs in fiscal years 2018 through fiscal year 2021, and $250,000 in fiscal year 2022 to support research infrastructure. protocol budgets should be commensurate with the scope and complexity of the protocol. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is up to 6 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-ES-21-006,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new resubmission the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials. need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nih intends to support 6 -10 awards, corresponding to a total of $4,000,000 to $5,000,000 in fy 2022. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget application budgets are limited to $300,000 direct costs per year and need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. the budget allocation for in vitro and/or in silico research cannot exceed $200,000 in direct costs per year. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is limited to 3 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-RM-15-004,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the total amount of funds available for this award is approximately $1,000,000 for fy16 contingent upon receiving scientifically meritorious applications. five to six awards are anticipated in fy16. award budget application budgets should not exceed $150,000 direct costs per year in fy16 and fy17 and must reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the total award period for this foa is 2 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-RM-21-016,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s). need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nih intends to commit approximately $52 million for approximately 35 awards in fy 2022. the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. award budget awards will be in two multi-year segments of three years and two years. the three-year segment will have an award budget up to $900,000 in direct costs. the two-year segment will have an award budget up to $600,000. award project period project periods will be for five years. no cost extensions will be allowed per nih grants policy. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-HL-12-022,ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new resubmission the oer glossary and the phs398 application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the nhlbi intends to commit the following amounts between fy 2012 and fy 2015: nhlbi, $40,260,000, 8 awards (3 in fy 2012 and 5 in fy 2013) award budget the total project period for an application submitted in response to this funding opportunity may not exceed 3 years. direct costs in the first year of funding may be up to $650,000 and up to $1,350,000 per year in years 2 and 3. the amounts will vary depending on the nature of work proposed, but must include at least one basic science ancillary study. the clinical study budget is expected to be a majority of the budget. an ancillary study may not exceed $150,000 direct costs/year and the sum of two ancillary studies cannot exceed $250,000 direct costs/year. although the financial plan of nhlbi provides support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. there will be a rigorous administrative evaluation of recruitment and scientific progress before non-competing renewals are awarded. the metrics for success and continued funding will be based on achievement of research milestones. completion of the proposed clinical trial, new insights into disease mechanism or treatment efficacy, and progression to
RFA-DK-21-502,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s). need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial ? funds available and anticipated number of awards niddk intends to commit $1,600,000 in fy 2022 to fund 1 award. award budget application budgets are limited to a maximum of $1,000,000 direct costs per year, and should reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-AG-18-027,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new resubmission the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nia intends to commit $8 million in fy 2018 to fund 9-11 awards. the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. award budget application budgets need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project and should be limited to no more than $500,000 in direct costs per year. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-CA-15-501,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed revision the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nci intends to commit $7.2 million in fy 2016 to fund up to 10 etctn revision awards. award budget application budgets must not exceed $560,000 in direct costs per year. award project period applicants may request support for the project period of 3 years, not to exceed the remaining number of years on the parent etctn award. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-RM-10-008,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this foa will use the dp1 award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts (see sf424 (r&r) application guide ) . budgets are not required and will not be accepted. 2. funds available this is a common fund initiative. the nih common fund plans to set aside sufficient funds in fy2011 to support at least 7 awards . awards will be made contingent upon the availability of funds and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. awards will be for $500,000 in direct costs each year for five years, plus applicable facilities and administrative (f&a) costs to be determined at the time of award. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DA-19-004,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nida intends to commit $750,000 in fy 2019 to fund 1 award. award budget application budgets must not exceed $500,000 in direct costs for any year of the project. award project period the maximum project period is 3 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-AI-21-019,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials. need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards niaid intends to commit $3.0m in fy 2022 to fund 4-6 awards. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-CA-21-031,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? required: only accepting applications that propose clinical trial(s). need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nci division of cancer control and population sciences intends to commit up to $5 million in fy 2022 to fund four to five awards. future year amounts are anticipated to be at the same levels but will ultimately depend on annual appropriations. award budget application budgets may not exceed $875,000 in direct costs (excluding sub-award f&a costs) per year and must reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-OD-13-016,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the awards under this foa will be administered by nih using designated funds from the fda ctp for tobacco regulatory science. funds allocated by the fda ctp for this foa are expected to be approximately $1.5m. the nih expects to make 10-12 awards, contingent upon funds available from the fda and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. award budget award budgets are composed of salary and other program-related expenses, as described below. award project period the total project period may not exceed 5 years. other award budget information salary allowable costs: mentored phase (k99) fda will contribute up to $90,000 per year toward the salary of the k99 award recipient. applicants may request higher s alary in cases of individuals with exceptional salary needs. candidates (intramural or extramural) are required to commit a minimum of 75% of full-time professional effort (i.e. minimum of 9 person-months) to the pursuit of their career development and research experience during the mentored phase. this experience may also include activities such as completing research publications and searching for an independent research position. candidates may engage in teaching and/or clinical duties as part of the remaining 25% of the candidates full-time professional effort not covered by this award, as long as such duties do not interfere with or detract from the proposed career development program. intramural: the requests by nih intramural scientists will not include any salary and related fringe benefits for career, career conditional or other federal employees (civilian or uniformed service) with permanent appointments under existing position ceilings or any costs related to research support or administrative or facilities support (equivalent to facilities and administrative or f&a costs). applicants should indicate the number of person-months devoted to the project. if selected, appropriate funding will be provided by the fda center for tobacco products. the intramural scientist should submit a separate request for intramural funding as described above. budget details for the mentored phase will be negotiated with the sponsoring intramural laboratory institute/center and salary will be consistent with that offered new scientists in similar positions. extramural: mentored candidates in an extramural sponsoring institution/organization will be supported by nih extramural funds. salary must be consistent with the established salary structure at the institution from its own funds to other staff members of equivalent qualifications, rank, and responsibilities in the department concerned. fringe benefits should be requested based on the sponsoring institutions rate. the extramural sponsoring institution may supplement the nih salary contribution up to a level that is consistent with the institution's salary scale. however, supplementation may not be from federal funds unless specifically authorized by the federal program from which such funds are derived. in no case may additional phs funds beyond those provided in the k99 award be used for salary supplementation. under expanded authorities, however, institutions may rebudget funds within the total costs awarded to cover salaries consistent with the institution's salary scale. institutional supplementation of salary must not require extra duties or responsibilities that would interfere with the purpose of this award. the total salary paid from nih funds, however, may not exceed the legislatively mandated salary cap. see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/policy/salcap_summary.htm . for information regarding nih policy on determining full-time professional effort for career awards see not-od-04-056 . the requested salary must be consistent both with the established salary structure at the institution and with salaries actually provided by the institution from its own funds to other staff members with equivalent qualifications, rank, and responsibilities in the department concerned. if full-time, 12-month salaries are not currently paid to comparable staff members, the salary proposed must be related appropriately to the existing salary structure. confirmation of salary is required prior to the issuance of an award. fringe benefits based on the sponsoring institutions rate and the percent of effort are provided in addition to the salary. allowable costs: independent phase (r00) the total cost for the independent investigator phase (r00) may not exceed $249,000 per year. this amount includes salary, fringe benefits, research support allowance and applicable indirect costs. indirect costs will be reimbursed at the extramural sponsoring institutions indirect cost rate. indirect costs requested by consortium participants are included in the total cost limitation. the salary requested should be based on the person-months effort to be devoted to the r00 project, as is the case for other research grant awards. the candidate is required to devote a total of 75% of their full-time, 12 month professional effort to research (i.e., a full-time 9 person-months). see eligibility below. however, it may not be feasible to support this entire effort through the r00 project alone. recipients of the r00 phase awards may devote effort to other research projects and may reduce effort on the r00 award if they receive additional independent research support. please note that a reduction of time devoted to a project by 25% or more from the level in an approved application will require nih prior approval as described in the nih grants policy statement. other program-related expenses fda will contribute $60,000 per year toward the research development costs of the award recipient, which must be justified and consistent with the stage of development of the candidate and the proportion of time to be spent in research or career development activities. research expenses may include (a) tuition and fees related to career development; (b) supplies, equipment and technical personnel; c) travel to research meetings or training; and (d) statistical services including personnel and computer time. salary for mentors, secretarial and administrative assistants, etc. is not allowed. indirect costs for the extramural k99 phase, indirect costs (also known as facilities & administrative [f&a] costs) are reimbursed at 8% of modified total direct costs. for the r00 phase, indirect costs will be reimbursed at the extramural sponsoring institutions indirect cost rate. nih grant policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-RM-12-002,ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the common fund intends to commit $5 million in fy 2012 for approximately 10 uh2 (planning phase) awards, and $15 million in fy 2013-2016 for up to five subsequent uh3 (implementation phase) demonstration projects, contingent upon receiving scientifically meritorious applications. award budget the application budget for the one-year uh2 phase is limited to $500,000 in direct costs. costs for each year of the uh3 phase are limited to $1 million in direct costs. award project period the maximum period of funding for the entire uh2/uh3 application is five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DK-13-002,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. niddk intends to commit $1.45 million in fy2014. award budget direct costs are limited to $450,000 over a two-year period, with no more than $225,000 in direct costs allowed in any single year. award project period the maximum project period is two years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DK-15-005,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niddk intends to commit $4 million in fiscal year 2016 to support two related funding opportunities, rfa-dk-15-005 and rfa-dk-15-004. niddk anticipates awarding one scientific data research center under this foa, and 3-5 clinical centers under the companion rfa-dk-15-004. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget application budgets are limited to $700,000 direct costs for the scientific data research center. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HL-17-002,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. nih intends to fund up to ten r61 awards corresponding to a total of $2,630,000 for fy2017 and $2,630,000 for fy2018. it is estimated that up to five r33 awards will be funded corresponding to a total of $3,750,000 for fy2019, $3,750,000 in fy2020, and $3,750,000 in fy2021. award budget application budgets may not exceed direct costs of $170,000 in fy2017, $170,000 in fy2018, $485,000 in fy2019, $485,000 in fy2020, and $485,000 in fy2021. award project period the project period is limited to up to 2 years for phase i (r61) and up to 3 years for phase ii (r33) for a total project period of up to 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AI-16-028,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the following nih components intend to commit the following amounts in fy 2017 to fund 2-3 awards: niaid: $4,000,000 nimh: $500,000 award budget application budgets are limited to $1,000,000 in direct costs and need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project determines the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DC-20-002,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new resubmission the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trial(s) note: appointed participants are permitted to obtain research experience in a clinical trial led by a mentor or co-mentor. need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. award budget award budgets are composed of salary and other program-related expenses, as described below. nidcd will not accept applications requesting $499,999 or more in direct costs in any year. award project period the total project period may not exceed 5 years. other award budget information personnel costs individuals designing, directing, and implementing the research education program may request salary and fringe benefits appropriate for the person months devoted to the program. salaries requested may not exceed the levels commensurate with the institution's policy for similar positions and may not exceed the congressionally mandated cap. (if mentoring interactions and other activities with participants are considered a regular part of an individual's academic duties, then any costs associated with the mentoring and other interactions with participants are not allowable costs from grant funds). administrative costs for institutional program: up to $20,000 per year may be requested for administrative costs. this could include salary for the institutional pd/pi or support personnel, travel of the institutional pd/pi, or to defray costs for external advisory committee travel and time (if requested). funds for medical school tuition are not permitted. participant costs medical students can have either short-term and/or up to nine-month appointments. participants may be paid if specifically required for the proposed research education program and sufficiently justified. participant costs must be itemized in the proposed budget funds for medical school tuition are not permitted. resident-investigators compensation: remuneration for resident-investigators is through salary and fringe benefits. the total salary requested must be based on a full-time appointment and be consistent with the postgraduate year (pgy) salary structure at the institution. there must be an employee-employer relationship between the resident-investigators and the institution. during the research period, resident-investigators will be paid 80% of their base pgy salary level set by the institution. a minimum of one to a maximum of four residents must be supported in each year of the program. resident-investigators salary should be calculated for the months of full-time research engagement over a year: in one example, a participant engages in research for a year at a salary of $60,000, with a monthly salary of $5,000; the award will support 80% effort over 12 months, which equates to 9.6 person-months; the budget figure for this resident-investigators would be $48,000 ($5,000 x 9.6). medical students compensation: medical students can have either short-term and/or up to 1 year appointments. regardless of the level of experience, medical student salary and fringe benefits should be comparable to the nrsa predoctoral stipend ( https://researchtraining.nih.gov/resources/policy-notices ), and/or comparable to the salary and fringe benefits established by institutional policies for individuals in similar positions. travel: up to $3,000 each year may be requested for each resident-investigator to attend or present research findings at domestic scientific conferences, and to support attendance at a nih-sponsored workshop. requests for travel to scientific meetings or workshops must be carefully justified, with specific examples. tuition: funds for short-courses directly related to the research experience and/or research project are allowed. funds for medical school tuition are not permitted. allowable participant costs depend on the educational level/career status of the individuals to be selected to participate in the program. while generally not an allowable cost, with strong justification, participants in the research education program may receive per diem unless such costs are furnished as part of the registration fee. participants may also receive funds to defray partial tuition and other education-related expenses. expenses for foreign travel must be exceptionally well justified. individuals supported by nih training and career development mechanisms (k, t, or f awards) may receive, and indeed are encouraged to receive, educational experiences supported by an r25 program, as participants, but may not receive salary or stipend supplementation from a research education program. because the r25 program is not intended as a substitute for an nrsa institutional training program (e.g.,t32), costs to support full-time participants (supported for 40 hours/week for a continuous, 9-month period) are not allowable other program-related expenses consultant costs, equipment, supplies, travel for key persons, and other program-related expenses may be included in the proposed budget. these expenses must be justified as specifically required by the proposed program and must not duplicate items generally available at the applicant institution. program supplementary research funds: medical students: up to $4,200 per student may be requested for training related expenses including travel and/or tuition for courses specifically required for the research project. resident-investigators: up to $20,000 per year, per resident-investigator, may be requested and must be justified and consistent with the stage of development of the participant and the proportion of time to be spent in research and/or professional development activities. supplementary research funds may be used to defray costs for registration for short-term courses or workshops to obtain research skills, to support skill development for research preceptors of clinician-investigators, research supplies, or where well-justified, for technical support to contribute to the participating resident-investigator's research continuity. indirect costs indirect costs (also known as facilities & administrative [f&a] costs) are reimbursed at 8% of modified total direct costs (exclusive of tuition and fees and expenditures for equipment), rather than on the basis of a negotiated rate agreement. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-HD-21-002,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the nichd and partner components intend to commit $3,800,000 in total costs in fy2021 to fund 2-3 awards. award budget application budgets may request a budget for direct costs of no more than $1.0 million/year. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-DA-10-017,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this foa will use the r01 award mechanism with the following modifications: an applicant may request a project period of up to 5 years and direct costs exceeding $500,000 per year, if the scope of the project warrants it. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts (see sf424 (r&r) application guide ) . it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ) . specifically, a u.s. organization submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs) must use the phs398 modular budget component. u.s. applicants requesting more than $250,000 in annual direct costs and all foreign applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component. 2. funds available nida, nimh, and niaid intend to commit approximately $10.6 million in fiscal year 2010 to fund approximately 7-9 applications. awards pursuant to this foa are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. budget requests should be carefully justified and commensurate with the complexity of the project. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HD-10-017,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this foa will use the nih research project grant (r01) award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts (see sf424 (r&r) application guide ) . it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ) . specifically, a u.s. organization submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs) must use the phs398 modular budget component. u.s. applicants requesting more than $250,000 in annual direct costs and all foreign applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component. 2. funds available nichd intends to commit $2 million (total costs) in fy 2011 to support meritorious projects through this foa. we anticipate 3-5 awards will be made depending upon the number and quality of applications received and the availability of funds. it is expected that requested direct costs will be in the range of $200,000 to $400,000 per year for up to five years, but awards may be made in excess of that amount provided that the scientific rationale is compelling and the costs are fully justified because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DA-22-040,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new renewal resubmission the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s). need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nida intends to commit $3.5 m in fy 2022, 2023, and 2024 to fund 3-5 awards. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-RM-15-002,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nih intends to fund an estimate of 5 to 7 awards, corresponding to a total of $2.1m for fiscal year 2015, and $2.1m for fiscal year 2016. award budget direct costs are limited to $200,000 per year. award project period the project period may not exceed 2 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DA-20-004,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nih intends to commit $2.45 million in fy2020 to fund 1 award. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the maximum project period is 7 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-AT-19-001,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards issuing ic and partner components intend to fund up to an estimate of 9-12 awards, corresponding to a total of $5,000,000 for fiscal year 2019 across all three related rfas. award budget application budgets for the r61 and r33 phases must reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. the r61 phase cannot exceed $350,000 in direct costs in any given year. if awarded, the r33 phase cannot exceed $350,000 in direct costs in any given year. award project period the scope of the project should determine the project period for each phase. the maximum period of the combined r61 and r33 phases is 5 years, with 1 to 2 years for the r61 phase and up to 4 years for the r33 phase. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-AR-19-001,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards niams intends to commit up to $1.5 million in fy 2019 to fund a maximum of three awards. the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations, and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. award budget application budgets are limited to $500,000 direct costs per year. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-DA-09-017,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this foa will use the r01 award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts (see sf424 (r&r) application guide ) . it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ) . specifically, a u.s. organization submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs) must use the phs398 modular budget component. u.s. applicants requesting more than $250,000 in annual direct costs and all foreign applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component. 2. funds available nida has set aside $2,000,000 and ninds has set aside $375,000 to fund eligible grant proposals for this foa and its companion r21 and r03. it is anticipated that 6-10 grant applications will be awarded. the expected direct cost amount for individual awards cannot exceed $500,000. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds. the nidcr is interested in neurobiological changes that occur in chronic pain conditions and how analgesic drugs used to treat chronic pain influence these changes. of special interest is how chronic pain and analgesic therapy alter the molecular, cellular, and circuit level behavior of the brain stem trigeminal nucleus, including areas responsible for both sensory and motor functions. effective new therapies for chronic craniofacial pain disorders such as temporomandibular joint disorder, burning mouth syndrome, and atypical odontalgia are needed for these conditions. research focused on a better understanding of how chronic pain affects the trigeminal system in parallel with studies on the influence of analgesic therapies on this system will lead to the identification of new targets for therapeutic interventions in these complex painful disorders. although the nidcr has not set aside funds for this foa, nidcr in interested in funding meritorious applications submitted in response to this foa that are mission-relevant and fall within the range of the current funding plan of the nidcr. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-CA-21-017,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed revision resubmission revision applications from active nci r01 awardees resubmission (only of revision applications originally submitted to rfa-ca-19-062 , rfa-ca-20-011 , or this foa) the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nci intends to commit $600,000 in fy 2022 to fund 4 awards across all competitive revision foas for the itcr program. award budget application budgets may not exceed $100,000 in direct costs per year. award project period applicants may request support for up to 2 years, not to exceed the remaining number of years on the parent grant. the parent grant must be active when the application is submitted. if a no-cost extension is needed on the parent grant, it must be in place before the revision application is submitted. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-NS-20-014,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards ninds intends to commit $3,750,000 in fy 2020 to fund 5 awards. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-AI-09-022,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity will use the nih multi-project cooperative agreement (u19) grant award mechanism(s). the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses non-modular budget formats described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). this funding opportunity will use a cooperative agreement award mechanism. in the cooperative agreement mechanism, the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) retains the primary responsibility and dominant role for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project, with nih staff being substantially involved as a partner with the principal investigator, as described under the section vi. 2. administrative requirements , "cooperative agreement terms and conditions of award". at this time, niaid has not determined whether and how this solicitation will be continued beyond the present foa. 2. funds available niaid intends to commit $3 million in fy 2009 to fund 2-3 new awards in response to this foa. an applicant may request a project period of up to 5 years under this foa, and a budget for direct costs up to $1 million per year. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of niaid provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation, see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. section
RFA-DE-15-006,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nidcr intends to commit $5,000,000 in fy 2015 to fund approximately 8 uh2/uh3 awards. award budget application budgets are limited to $625,000 total costs per year for up to two years of the uh2 phase and $1,200,000 total costs per year for each year of the uh3 phase. budgets need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period up to 5 years total, including minimum of 1 and maximum of 2 years for the uh2 phase and maximum of 4 years for the uh3 phase nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-ES-11-009,section ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations, and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. funding for fy2012 is anticipated to be $900,000 in total costs to support two to three awards.. award budget direct costs are limited to $275,000 over a 2-year project period, with no more than $200,000 in direct costs allowed in any single year. award project period the total project period for an application submitted in response to this funding opportunity may not exceed 2 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-NS-14-012,ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nih intends to commit an estimated total of $2.3 million in 2015 to support 1 award. future year amounts are expected to be the same. award budget application budgets are not limited, but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum period is 7 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-RM-21-017,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s). need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nih intends to commit approximately $8 million in fy 2022 and make approximately 7 awards, depending on the size and scope of the most meritorious awards. the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. award budget application budgets are not limited but must be commensurate with the scope of the proposed research. award project period the maximum project period is five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-RR-09-004,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this foa will use the r21 award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts (see sf424 (r&r) application guide ) . it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ) . specifically, a u.s. organization submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs) must use the phs398 modular budget component. u.s. applicants requesting more than $250,000 in annual direct costs and all foreign applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component. 2. funds available the participating organization(s) ori, ncrr and nichd intend to commit approximately $850,000 in fy2009 to fund 2-3 applications. although the size of award may vary with the scope of research proposed, it is expected that applications will stay within the budgetary guidelines for an exploratory/developmental project; direct costs are limited to $275,000 over an r21 two-year period, with no more than $200,000 in direct costs allowed in any single year. applicants may request direct costs in $25,000 modules, up to the total direct costs limitation of $275,000 for the combined two-year award period. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-ES-20-008,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new (phase i, fast-track) new (phase ii ? sbir direct phase ii) the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for the foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards niehs intends to commit $3m in fy 2020 to fund 6-8 awards. award budget total funding support (direct costs, indirect costs, fee) normally may not exceed $252,131 for phase i awards and $1,680,879 for phase ii awards. in all cases, applicants should propose a budget that is reasonable and appropriate for completion of the research project. award project period durations up to 1 year for phase i and up to 2 years for phase ii may be requested. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-RM-13-015,ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the phs 398 application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the nih common fund intends to commit $1.75 million in fy 2014. a single award is anticipated contingent upon the availability of funds. award budget application budgets may not exceed $1.75 million in total costs annually. award project period the project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HL-04-035,section ii. award information 1. mechanism(s) of support this funding opportunity will use the r25 award mechanism. as an applicant, you will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this funding opportunity uses the just-in-time budget concepts. it also uses the non-modular budget format described in the phs 398 application instructions. a detailed categorical budget for the "initial budget period" and the "entire proposed period of support" is to be submitted with the application. 2. funds available the nhlbi intends to commit approximately $960,000 in direct costs in fy05 to fund five to six new summer institute programs in response to this rfa. each applicant may request a project period of four years and a budget for direct costs of up to $175,000 for the first year, $250,000 for the second year, $260,000 for the third year, and $210,000 for the fourth year. f&a costs are limited to 8% of direct costs for this rfa. a total of up to $4.860 million is anticipated to be available for direct costs over the four-year period for the project. the projects are expected to start in august 2006 and continue until july 30, 2010. although the financial plans of the ic provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. fiscal and administrative costs are not included in the direct cost limitation, see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/guide/notice-files/not-od-05-004.html .
RFA-ES-15-001,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the niehs intends to fund an estimate of 4-5 awards, corresponding to a total of $3m, for fiscal year 2016. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget application budgets are limited to $400,000 direct costs per year. award project period the award project period is limited to 4 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DA-15-012,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nida intends to commit $2 million in fy2015 to fund a combined total of 6-9 r21 and r01 awards. award budget the combined budget for direct costs for the two year project period may not exceed $275,000. no more than $200,000 may be requested in any single year. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 2 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-RM-17-021,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new resubmission the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the nih common fund intends to commit up to a total of $400,000 per year for up to 4 years. nih intends to fund an estimate of up to 3 awards. the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. award budget application budgets are limited to $100,000 direct costs per year but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum period is 4 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HL-08-013,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses non-modular budget formats described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). this funding opportunity will use a cooperative agreement award mechanism. in the cooperative agreement mechanism, the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) retains the primary responsibility and dominant role for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project, with nih staff being substantially involved as a partner with the principal investigator, as described under the section vi. 2. administrative requirements , "cooperative agreement terms and conditions of award." at this time, it is not known if this foa will be reissued. 2. funds available the nhlbi intends to commit up to $5 million in total costs in fy09 to fund four to six applications in response to this foa; nci intends to commit up to $1 million in total costs in fy09 to fund one application; niddk intends to commit up to $750,000 in total costs in fy09 or fy10 to fund one application; and obssr intends to commit up to $200,000 in total costs in fy09 to co-fund one application. each applicant may request a project period of five years and a budget for direct costs of up to $3,750,000 over the five-year period, with a limit of $750,000 in direct cost for any single year. one of the awards will serve additionally as a resource and coordination unit (rcu) to facilitate cross-study activities. it is anticipated that the maximum award for the rcu will be approximately $1,000,000 in direct costs over five years. the rcu costs are in addition to the intervention development costs. applicants are strongly encouraged to apply for both the research and rcu components of this foa. a total of up to $25 million in total costs is available from nhlbi over the five-year period for the program, up to $5 million in total costs is available from nci, up to $3,750,000 in total costs is available from niddk , and up to $1 million in total costs is available from obssr. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. section
RFA-CA-14-009,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nida, niaaa, and nci jointly commit $1.5 million in total costs in fy 2014 to fund 6-7 awards. award budget the combined budget for direct costs for the two-year project period may not exceed $275,000. no more than $200,000 may be requested in any single year. application budgets must reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the proposed project period must not exceed two years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AI-12-006,ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the phs398 application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niaid intends to commit $6.5 million per year under this foa, and anticipates approximately 3-4 awards will be made. award budget direct costs for each aadcrc award are expected to be approximately $1,000,000 per year. award project period the total project period for an application submitted in response to this foa may not exceed five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DA-12-008,ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nida intends to commit $4,000,000 in fy 2012 to fund 5-7 new awards.. award budget direct costs will vary with the scope of the project but may not exceed $500k per year. award project period a project duration of up to 5 years may be requested. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-MH-17-350,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the following nih components intend to commit the following estimated total amounts in fy 2017 to fund 3-4 awards: nimh, $2,700,000 nimhd, $600,000 awards issued under this foa are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. award budget an applicant may request up to $600,000 in direct costs per year. application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-MH-20-702,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the following nih components intend to commit the following amounts in fy 2021: nimh intends to commit an estimate of $2,000,000 (total costs) in fy 2021 to fund 3-5 awards in response to this foa and the companion foa. nida intends to commit approximately $1,500,000 (total costs) in fy 2021 to fund 2-3 awards in response to this foa. ninds intends to commit approximately $1,500,000 (total costs) in fy 2021 to fund 2-3 awards in response to this foa. award budget the combined budget for direct costs for the entire project period may not exceed $275,000. no more than $200,000 may be requested in any single year. award project period the total project period for an application submitted in response to this foa may not exceed two years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-CA-13-015,ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the total amount of funds available in fy 2014 is $3 million total costs to fund up to 6 awards for the uh2 phase. the number of awards is contingent upon the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations and the number of awards that will be transitioning the uh2 to the uh3 phase. award budget applicants may request up to $500,000 total costs for the uh2 phase per year and up to $1,000,000 total costs for the uh3 phase per year. award project period the proposed project period for the initial development phase (uh2) must not exceed 2 years (but may be shorter). the proposed project period for the second validation phase (uh3) must not exceed 3 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-NS-18-001,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. . application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards ninds intends to commit $3,000,000 direct costs in fy 2018 to fund up to two awards at $1,500,000 direct costs each. award budget application budgets are limited to $1,500,000 direct costs per year. award project period the scope of the proposed cwow should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-CA-16-016,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nci intends to commit up to $12 million in fy 2018 to fund 3 awards. award budget application budgets are limited to no more than $2.5 million in direct costs for any budget year. award project period a project period of 5 years must be proposed. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DE-22-003,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials. need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the following nih components intend to commit the following amounts in fy 2022: nidcr intends to commit $ 2.5 million in fy 2022 to support 3-5 awards solicited through rfa-de-22-003 and rfa-de-22-004 , contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. nci intends to commit $1.8 million in fy 2022 to support 2-4 awards solicited through rfa-de-22-003 and rfa-de-22-004 , contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-DK-14-003,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niddk intends to commit $3 million for up to 6 awards in fy 2015. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget application budgets are expected to average, but are not limited to, $300,000 in direct costs per year, depending on the actual needs of project. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DA-18-001,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nida intends to commit $2m in each fiscal year (fy18-fy20) to fund 2-3 awards each year. award budget application budgets are limited to $500,000 in direct costs per year. award project period the maximum period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-MH-20-128,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new resubmission the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards issuing ic and partner components intend to commit an estimated total of $3 million to fund 2-3 awards in fy 21. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 2 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-ES-10-002,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this foa will use the r01 award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts (see sf424 (r&r) application guide ) . it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ) . specifically, a u.s. organization submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs) must use the phs398 modular budget component. u.s. applicants requesting more than $250,000 in annual direct costs and all foreign applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component. 2. funds available $5 million dollars (total costs), in fy 2011, have been committed to fund applications in response to this foa (approximately 10-15 awards). additional funds may be available to support meritorious applications of high programmatic priority. the total project period for an application submitted in response to this foa may not exceed 5 years. shorter, exploratory studies may be proposed for 2 to 3 years of funding. it is expected that applications will fall in the range of $250,000 to $800,000 (direct costs. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ics provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-CA-19-053,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed revision applications from active nci p50 awardees resubmissions (but only of revision applications submitted in response to this foa) the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. nci intends to fund an estimate of 3-5 awards, corresponding to a total of $2.5m, for fiscal year 2020. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget application budgets may not exceed $250,000 direct costs per year. award project period applicants may request support for up to 3 years, not to exceed the remaining number of years on the parent grant. the parent grant must be active when the application is submitted and have a minimum of 3 years left of funding at the application receipt date. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-AG-18-011,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the national institute on aging intends to commit $2 million in total costs in fy 2018 to fund 3-6 awards. the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DK-17-001,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new renewal resubmission the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niddk intends to commit $2.4 million in fy 2018 to fund 2 awards and $3.6 million in fy 2019 to fund 3 awards. award budget application budgets are limited to $750,000 direct costs per year, exclusive of any consortium/contractual facilities and administrative (f&a) costs but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the project period for an application submitted to this funding opportunity may not exceed five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-MH-19-200,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nimh and nichd intend to commit a total of at least $4,500,000 in fy 2019 to fund a total of 3-5 applications under this foa and the companion foa (rfa-mh-19-201). the total amount awarded and the number of awards will depend upon the quality, duration, costs and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the project period is limited to 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-HG-08-004,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity will use the nih u01 cooperative agreement award mechanism(s). the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses non-modular budget formats described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). this funding opportunity will use a cooperative agreement award mechanism. in the cooperative agreement mechanism, the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) retains the primary responsibility and dominant role for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project, with nih staff being substantially involved as a partner with the principal investigator, as described under the section vi. 2. administrative requirements , "cooperative agreement terms and conditions of award". there are no plans at present to reissue this foa. 2. funds available the nih expects to award approximately $8,800,000 (total costs) over a three-year period through this announcement ($2,300,000 in fy2009, $3,200,000 in fy2010, $3,300,000 in fy2011). the nih anticipates funding 3-5 new awards in response to this announcement. an applicant may request a project period of up to three years. the expected amount for each award is approximately $1,580,000 in direct costs for the full 3-year project period. the anticipated start date is july 1, 2009 and the performance period is july 1, 2009 to june 30, 2012. the estimated amount of funds available for support of 3-5 projects awarded as a result of this announcement is $2,3 00,000 for fiscal year 2009. support for genome-wide genotyping will be provided separately to a genotyping facility selected by nhgri. future year amounts for these awards will depend on annual appropriations. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation, see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. section
RFA-CA-12-017,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations, and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. for the group of pqs covered by this foa (group b), the nci intends to fund approximately 10-15 r01 awards for both application rounds combined, corresponding to a total of up to $5-7 million, for fiscal year 2013 and a similar amount for fiscal year 2014. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget application budgets are not limited, but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the total project period may not exceed 4 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HL-19-024,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new renewal resubmission the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: accepting applications that do not propose clinical trial(s) note: appointed participants are permitted to obtain research experience in a clinical trial led by a mentor or co-mentor. need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. nhlbi intends to commit $13,495,000 in fy2019 through fy2025 to fund up to 7 new awards in each of the following fys: fy2019, fy2020, and fy2021. award budget application budgets should not exceed $119,000 per year in direct costs. however, applications should reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period applications may request a maximum project period of five years. other award budget information personnel costs individuals designing, directing, and implementing the research education program may request salary and fringe benefits appropriate for the person months devoted to the program. salaries requested may not exceed the levels commensurate with the institution's policy for similar positions and may not exceed the congressionally mandated cap. (if mentoring interactions and other activities with participants are considered a regular part of an individual's academic duties, then any costs associated with the mentoring and other interactions with participants are not allowable costs from grant funds). support may be requested up to $2,000 per month total to administer the participants' two to three months research program experience. the maximum allowable expense of $6,000 cannot be exceeded for a 3-month training program per year. the amount requested may be divided among the pd(s)/pi(s), or multiple pd(s)/pi(s), if applicable, and other personnel (clerical, administrative staff). funds may not be requested for the mentors. participant costs participants may be paid if specifically required for the proposed research education program and sufficiently justified. participant costs must be itemized in the proposed budget allowable participant costs depend on the educational level/career status of the individuals to be selected to participate in the program. undergraduate students: the salary and fringe benefits for an undergraduate participant should be consistent with the institutional salary policies for employees in similar positions. institutional rates for undergraduate salaries should be no more than $12 per hour plus fringe benefits, only when such benefits are provided to other employees in similar positions. an additional amount of $2,400 per participant for supplies, per diem (including housing) and travel (scientific meeting and/or to and from grantee institution) may also be requested. funds may not be used to purchase any equipment, except to accommodate individuals with disabilities, as described below. health professional student participants: the nih will provide compensation that: (1) conforms to the established, consistently applied salary and wage policies of the institution; and (2) reflects the percentage of time devoted to the phs-funded project. for health professional student participants this compensation may include salary, fringe benefits, and tuition (if applicable) not to exceed current stipend level 0 at time of submission (see: not-od-17-003 ). additional funds up to $4,000 per participant for supplies, per diem (including housing) and travel (scientific meetings and/or to and from grantee institution) may also be requested. funds may not be used to purchase any equipment. reasonable accommodations for individuals with disabilities: as part of this award, funds may be requested to make changes or adjustments in the research setting that will make it possible for an otherwise qualified participant with a disability to perform the essential functions associated with his/her role on the project. the accommodations requested under this program must be directly related to the performance of the proposed role on the research project and must be appropriate to the disabilities of the individual. some types of accommodations that might be provided include specialized equipment, assistive devices and personnel such as readers, interpreters, or assistants. in all cases, the total funds for accommodations must be reasonable and documentation of the disability should be included when a request for additional funds is made post-award. these additional funds are in excess of the expenses allowed under "participation costs" above. while generally not an allowable cost, with strong justification, participants in the research education program may receive per diem unless such costs are furnished as part of the registration fee. participants may also receive funds to defray partial tuition and other education-related expenses. expenses for foreign travel must be exceptionally well justified. individuals supported by nih training and career development mechanisms (k, t, or f awards) may receive, and indeed are encouraged to receive, educational experiences supported by an r25 program, as participants, but may not receive salary or stipend supplementation from a research education program. because the r25 program is not intended as a substitute for an nrsa institutional training program (e.g., t32), costs to support full-time participants (supported for 40 hours/week for a continuous, 12-month period) are not allowable. other program-related expenses consultant costs, equipment, supplies, travel for key persons, and other program-related expenses may be included in the proposed budget. these expenses must be justified as specifically required by the proposed program and must not duplicate items generally available at the applicant institution. awardee meeting. upon initiation of the program, the nhlbi will hold one 2-day meeting during the project period to encourage the exchange of information among the pd(s)/pi(s) that lead diversity- focused research education, training, and career development programs. therefore, in the preparation of the budget for the grant application, the pd(s)/pi(s) should allocate staff travel for no more than two staff to attend one 2-day meeting during the third project year only to be held in or near bethesda, md. at these meetings, pd(s)/pi(s) will present their research program, share progress, and discuss next career steps for participants. the meeting may also include other training directors who are preparing participants for independent research careers. indirect costs indirect costs (also known as facilities & administrative [f&a] costs) are reimbursed at 8% of modified total direct costs (exclusive of tuition and fees and expenditures for equipment), rather than on the basis of a negotiated rate agreement. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-HL-12-001,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity will use the u10 award mechanism(s). the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses non-modular budget formats described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). this funding opportunity will use a cooperative agreement award mechanism. in the cooperative agreement mechanism, the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) retains the primary responsibility and dominant role for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project, with nih staff being substantially involved as a partner with the principal investigator, as described under the section vi. 2. administrative requirements , "cooperative agreement terms and conditions of award." 2. funds available the total amount of funding that will be available through this announcement is up to $29.12 million over 7 years for up to 9 regional clinical centers (rcc). of this, $4.2 million over 7 years will be awarded for four clinical research skills development cores. in addition, rccs and their satellites will be eligible to receive disbursement of protocol funds administered by the coordinating center (cc). the total available protocol funds for the conduct of clinical trials (including any necessary core laboratories) is $16.8 million. distribution of protocol funds will be made through the cc to participating rccs and their satellites on a per subject enrolled basis at a rate approved by the nhlbi office of grants management. the rate will be determined on the basis of the complexity of the trial design, using input from the network study chair and steering committee and based in part on funding levels used in the first project period of the heart failure network. the funding structure will use two rates of capitated payment, with the higher level awarded after a specified number of subjects have been enrolled in a trial from a given site. the direct costs to support infrastructure at each rcc cannot exceed $230,000 per year. the total project period for an application submitted in response to this funding opportunity may not exceed seven years. awards will be made to up to 9 rccs. these costs should include: (1) up to 1 fte for an investigator, with a required minimum of at least 0.25 fte for the pd/pi; (2) a minimum of one fte for a study coordinator or coordinators; and (3) appropriate administrative support. rccs utilizing geographically or organizationally linked satellites should consider how best to apportion ftes to facilitate trial implementation and patient recruitment and enrollment at the constituent sites. costs not directly linked to patient enrollment at the satellite sites must be budgeted in the rcc application. although regulatory monitoring of satellites will be performed by the coordinating center, rcc is expected to provide scientific and clinical leadership of its own clinical site and any satellite sites. the direct costs available to support a clinical research skills development core for young investigators cannot exceed $100,000 per year. the total project period for a clinical research skills development core is up to 7 years. four clinical research skills development core awards will be made. these costs are considered adequate to include young investigators participation in network activities including rotations at other participating sites . facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation, see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. section
RFA-DK-11-001,ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the phs398 application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the niddk intends to commit $1,000,000 in total cost to support 2-3 atlas project awards and one ontology team award in fy2011. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget application budgets are not limited, but need to reflect actual needs of the proposed project. the direct costs are expected to be in the range of $100,000-$200,000 per year for a five-year period. award project period scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum period is 5 years.. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AI-10-018,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity will use the uc7 award mechanism(s). the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses non-modular budget formats described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). this funding opportunity will use a cooperative agreement award mechanism. in the cooperative agreement mechanism, the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) retains the primary responsibility and dominant role for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project, with nih staff being substantially involved as a partner with the principal investigator, as described under the section vi. 2. administrative requirements , "cooperative agreement terms and conditions of award". 2. funds available the estimated amount of funds available for support of the two nbl projects awarded as a result of this announcement is $30 million in total costs for fiscal year 2011. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. because the nature and scope of the proposed activities will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. moreover, the operation support provided to each site will be limited to a level commensurate with the sites scientific capacity and capability for research activities. final determination of funding will be based on institutional need at the time of annual, incremental award as determined by niaid . facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation, see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. section
RFA-MD-21-004,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s). need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nimhd intends to commit $5,000,000 in fy2022 to fund 6-7 awards. nci intends to commit $1,000,000 in fy2022 to fund one award. nccih intends to commit $850,000 in fy2022 to fund one award. nei intends to commit $1,000,000 in fy2022 to support one award. nhgri intends to commit $1,700,000 in fy2022 to fund 2 awards. nhlbi intends to commit $1.5m to support up to 2 awards. nia intends to commit $4,500,000 in fy2022 to fund 6 awards, including $3,000,000 to fund 4 awards on alzheimers disease and related dementias and $1,500,000 to fund 2 awards on other topics. niaaa intends to commit $850,000 in fy2022 to fund one award. niddk intends to commit $850,000 in fy 2022 to fund one award. niaid intends to commit $850,000 in fy2022 to fund one award. niams intends to commit $500,000 in fy2022 to fund one award. nibib intends to commit $800,000 in fy2022 to fund one award. nichd intends to commit $850,000 in fy2022 to fund one award. nida intends to commit $2,000,000 in fy2022 to fund 2 awards. nidcd intends to commit $700,000 in fy2022 to fund one award. nidcr intends to commit $750,000 in fy2022 to fund one award. niehs intends to commit $850,000 in fy2022 to fund one award. nigms intends to commit $2,000,000 in fy2022 to fund 4-6 awards. nimh intends to commit $850,000 in fy2022 to fund one award. ninds intends to commit $850,000 in fy2022 to fund one award. ninr intends to commit $2,550,000 in fy2022 to fund 3 awards. the od, obssr, odp, orwh, and sgmro have committed funds in fy2022 towards co-funding. award budget application budgets are limited to $500,000 direct costs annually, not including consortia f&a. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-AI-08-008,section ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity will use the u01 cooperative agreement mechanism . the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this funding opportunity uses the just-in-time budget concepts. it also uses the non-modular budget format described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). a detailed categorical budget for the "initial budget period" and the "entire proposed period of support" is to be submitted with the application. this funding opportunity will use a cooperative agreement award mechanism. in the cooperative agreement mechanism, the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) retains the primary responsibility and dominant role for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project, with nih staff being substantially involved as a partner with the principal investigator, as described under the section vi. 2. administrative requirements , "cooperative agreement terms and conditions of award". plans to continue of these cooperative agreement projects beyond the current funding opportunity are indefinite. 2. funds available this initiative is a limited competition funding opportunity announcement (foa). niaid intends to commit $10 to $12 million in total costs in fy 2009 to fund up to five macs awards for a period of 5 years depending on scientific and technical merit as determined by peer review. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of niaid and the co-funding institute provides support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds. funding beyond the first year of the grant will be contingent upon satisfactory progress during the preceding years and availability of funds. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation; see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. section
RFA-AI-12-054,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niaid intends to commit $ 2m in fy 2014. award budget application budgets are not limited, but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-CA-12-012,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement application types allowed new the oer glossary and the phs398 application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the national cancer institute intends to commit an estimated total of $4 million for approximately 5 to 7 awards in fy 2014. future amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget application budgets are not limited, but need to reflect actual needs of the proposed project. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, the size of each award will vary. award project period 5 years nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-RM-15-018,section ii. award information funding instrument other: a mechanism that is not a grant or cooperative agreement. examples include access to research resources or pre-applications application types allowed new resubmission the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nih intends to fund an estimate of 2-3 awards corresponding to a total of approximately $6-9m in total costs for fiscal year 2016. nih plans to support approximately 2 additional awards in fiscal year 2017 and approximately 2 additional awards in fiscal year 2018 for a total of approximately $6m in total costs additional in each year. actual future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations and programmatic needs for additional sparc research. award budget the maximum request per project is $2m in direct costs per year. award project period up to 3 years nih policies as described in the nih other transaction award policy guide for the sparc program will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-NS-18-018,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new resubmissions the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nih anticipates providing $5m per year to fund an estimated 5 to 10 awards award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-AA-16-006,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niaaa intends to commit $9.2 million in fy 2017 for this foa and companion foas ( rfa-aa-16-004 and rfa-aa-16-005 ). of this $9.2 million, $5.8 is to be committed for a consortium focused on neuroimmune mechanisms and $3.4 million for a consortium focused on stress and alcohol dependence. for this foa, niaaa expects to fund up to 2 applications. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the applicants may request up to 5 years of support. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-RM-12-019,section ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the nih intends to commit approximately $3,300,000 total cost in fy 2013 to fund up to 8 awards. award budget application budgets are not limited, but need to reflect actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the total project period for applications submitted in response to this foa may not exceed 3 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-NR-10-008,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this foa will use the r01 award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts (see sf424 (r&r) application guide ) . it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ) . specifically, a u.s. organization submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs) must use the phs398 modular budget component. u.s. applicants requesting more than $250,000 in annual direct must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component. 2. funds available the total amount of funding that ninr expect(s) to award through this announcement is $2.6 million for 4-6 projects. the total project period for an application submitted in response to this funding opportunity may not exceed 5 years and the direct costs cannot exceed $350,000 for any given year. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-OD-18-003,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new resubmission the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon funding availability, the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications, and programmatic priority nih, via support from the fda center for tobacco products (ctp), intends to fund up to 14 r21s, corresponding to a total of up to $4 million, for fiscal year 2018. future year amounts will depend on availability of funds. award budget the combined budget for direct costs for the entire project period may not exceed $275,000. no more than $200,000 in direct cost may be requested in any single year. award project period the maximum project period is two years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-NS-16-002,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the ninds intends to commit up to $1,500,000 in fy2016 to fund one award. the award is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of meritorious applications. award budget applicants may request up to $1,000,000 direct costs per year (exclusive of facilities and administrative costs of subcontracts with collaborating institutions) with the following exception: applications containing a translational project and/or clinical component (i.e., a clinical research project plus a clinical core) may request up to $1,500,000 direct costs per year. award project period the project period is limited to 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-NR-10-004,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this foa will use the r01 award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts (see sf424 (r&r) application guide ) . it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ) . specifically, a u.s. organization submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs) must use the phs398 modular budget component. u.s. applicants requesting more than $250,000 in annual direct costs and all foreign applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component. 2. funds available a total of $1.25 m has been committed to this foa for fy 2010 . it is anticipated that 2-3 r01 awards will be funded. applicants may propose a maximum of five years of support and the direct costs cannot exceed $500,000 for any given year on an r01. awards issued under this foa are contingent upon the availability of funds and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AG-19-023,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nia and niehs intend to commit a combined total of $1.417 million across rfa-ag-19-022 and rfa-ag-19-023 to fund 3-4 u01 awards and one u24 award. award budget application budgets are limited to $200,000 in direct costs per year. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 3 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-MD-13-001,section ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed renewal the oer glossary and the phs398 application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nimhd intends to commit $12,000,000 in fy 2013. award budget application budgets need to reflect actual needs of the proposed project and are limited to $375,000 direct costs per year. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation; see not-od-05-004 . award project period the maximum project period is three years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-NS-19-031,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. nih intends to fund up to three awards, corresponding to a total of $4,800,000, for fiscal year 2020. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget applicants may request up to $1,000,000 direct costs/year (exclusive of facilities and administrative costs of subcontractors with collaborating organizations). award project period applications may request up to five years of support. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-CA-20-048,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose independent clinical trials. note: applicants may propose to gain experience in a clinical trial led by a sponsor/co-sponsor as part of their research training. need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nci intends to commit $1.1 m to fund up to 24 awards in fy2021. award budget for the f99 phase, award budgets are composed of stipends, tuition and fees, and institutional allowance, as described below. for the k00 phase, award budgets are composed of salary and fringe benefits, tuition and fees, research and career development support, and indirect costs, as described below. award project period for the f99/k00 award, individuals may receive up to 6 years combined support for both phases, which includes up to 2 years in the f99 fellowship phase and up to 4 years in the k00 career development phase.. other award budget information stipends stipends (f99) / salary (k00) allowable costs: f99 phase stipends are provided as a subsistence allowance to help defray living expenses during the research training experience. the stipend level for f99 predoctoral fellows is the same as for the f31 ruth l. kirschstein national research service award (nrsa) fellows. see https://researchtraining.nih.gov/resources/policy-notices allowable costs: k00 phase nci will contribute up to $60,000 in the first year toward the salary of the career award recipient. this will be increased to $63,300 for the second year, to $66,600 for the third year, and to $69,900 for a fourth year. further guidance on budgeting for career development salaries is provided in the sf424 (r&r) application guide. the total salary, however, may not exceed the legislatively mandated salary cap. see: http://grants.nih.gov/grants/policy/salcap_summary.htm . tuition and fees allowable costs: f99 phase nci will contribute to the combined cost of tuition and fees at the rate in place at the time of award, at the same level set for the f31 ruth l. kirschstein national research service award (nrsa) fellowships; see https://researchtraining.nih.gov/resources/policy-notices allowable costs: k00 phase nci will contribute to the combined cost of tuition and fees an amount equal to 60% of the level requested by the applicant institution, up to $4,500 per year. institutional allowance do not include if not a kirschstein-nrsa award institutional allowance (f99) / other program-related expenses (k00) allowable costs: f99 phase the applicant should request an institutional allowance to help defray the cost of fellowship expenses such as health insurance, research supplies, equipment, books, and travel to scientific meetings. the annual institutional allowance level for the f99 phase is the same as that provided for the f31 ruth l. kirschstein national research service award (nrsa) awards (see https://researchtraining.nih.gov/resources/policy-notices ), plus a one-time additional $1,500 in the first year of the f99 award to defray the travel costs to attend a mandatory nci-sponsored conference. allowable costs: k00 phase nci will contribute $3,000 per year toward the research development costs of the award recipient, which must be justified and consistent with the stage of development of the candidate and the proportion of time to be spent in research or career development activities, plus a one-time additional $1,500 in the first year of the k00 award to defray the travel costs to attend a mandatory nci-sponsored conference. salary for mentors, secretarial and administrative assistants, etc. is not allowed. indirect costs allowable costs: f99 phase nci does not separately reimburse indirect costs (also known as facilities & administrative [f&a] costs) for fellowships. costs for administering the f99 awards are part of the institutional allowance. see https://researchtraining.nih.gov/resources/policy-notices allowable costs: k00 phase indirect costs (also known as facilities & administrative [f&a] costs) are reimbursed at 8% of modified total direct costs. stipend levels, as well as funding amounts for tuition and fees and the institutional allowance are announced annually in the nih guide for grants and contracts, and are also posted on the ruth l. kirschstein national research service award (nrsa) webpage . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-DC-07-004,section ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity will use the nih research grant (r01) award mechanism. as an applicant, you will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this funding opportunity uses just-in-time concepts. it also uses the modular budget format described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ). 2. funds available nidcd intends to commit approximately $750,000 in fy 2007 to fund approximately 2-3 new grants in response to this rfa. we anticipate an equivalent commitment of dollars in fy 2008. while the ods and nidcr are not specifically setting aside funds for this initiative, they have expressed a willingness to co-fund relevant meritorious applications and, in the case of nidcr only, to take assignment on applications when appropriate. the earliest anticipated start date is july 1, 2007. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of meritorious applications. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation, see not-od-05-004 .
RFA-AG-17-010,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nia intends to commit $4,000,000 in fy2017 to support 6-8 awards in response to this foa. award budget application budgets need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project and should be limited to no more than $350,000 in direct costs per year. award project period the total project for an application submitted in response to this foa may not exceed five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HL-17-007,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nhlbi intends to commit up to total costs of $853,200 for fiscal year 2017, $972,000 for fiscal year 2018, $972,000 for fiscal year 2019, and $799,200 for fiscal year 2020 to fund one award. award budget application budgets may not exceed direct costs of $790,000 in fy2017, direct costs of $900,000 in fy2018, direct costs of $900,000 in fy2019, and direct costs of $740,000 in fy2020. the budget needs to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the maximum project period is 4 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-CA-19-020,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new resubmission the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nci intends to fund an estimate of 10 awards, corresponding to a total of $4,300,000, for fiscal year 2020. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget direct costs are limited to $300,000 per year. application budgets need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the total project period request may not exceed 3 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-HD-12-189,section ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new renewal resubmission the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the nichd intends to award up to $2,400,000 in total costs [direct plus facilities and administrative (f & a) costs] in fy 2011 to fund up to six new and/or renewal (formally known as competing continuation application) grants in response to this funding announcement. award budget applicants may request direct cost budgets of up to $400,000 per year. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum period is 5 years. other award budget information personnel costs salary and fringe benefits may be requested for the training director (td) for up to 1.2 person months of effort. if the pd/pi serves a dual role (i.e., functions as both the pd/pi and the td), up to 1.2 person months may be requested. partial salary for a dedicated recruiting officer may be requested (maximum 2.4 person months effort). if the td also functions as the recruiting officer, effort cannot exceed 2.4 person months for the combined roles. salary for a part-time program assistant with responsibilities directly associated with the institutional career development program can be requested, if applicable and justified. salaries must be commensurate with institutional policy for similar positions. items that may not be supported with k12 funds include: salaries and fringe benefits for the pd/pi or program mentors, unless the pd/pi also serves as td (see above); salaries for support of ancillary personnel, i.e. secretarial and administrative assistance, etc.; direct support of the laboratories, salaries, fringe benefits, travel, and research projects of the established investigators serving as mentors beyond those expenses directly attributable to the scholar's project; salary and support for central institutional administrative personnel (e.g., budget officers, grant assistants, and building maintenance personnel), which are usually paid from institutional overhead charges; salary and support for administrative activities such as institutional public relations or health and educational services. participant costs scholars are those individuals who benefit from the proposed activities and experiences involved in the career development program. scholar costs must be justified as specifically required for the proposed career development program. all expenses must be itemized in the proposed budget. each scholar's total award may be up to $100,000 per year. each scholar may be provided salary support up to $75,000 per year, which includes any fringe benefits charged according to grantee institutional policy. salaries must be consistent with the institution's salary scale for equivalent positions. the total salary requested must be based on a full-time, 12-month staff appointment and requires scholars to devote a minimum of 9 person months (equivalent to 75 percent) of full-time professional effort toward health-related research and career development activities, with the remaining effort being devoted to activities related to the development of a successful research career. for information regarding nih policy on determining full-time professional effort for career awards, see: http://grants.nih.gov/grants/guide/notice-files/not-od-04-056.html . the institution may supplement the nih salary contribution up to a level that is consistent with the institution's salary scale; however, supplementation may not be from federal funds unless specifically authorized by the federal program from which such funds are derived. institutional supplementation of salary must not require extra duties or responsibilities that would interfere with the purpose of the program. each scholar may be provided up to $25,000 annually for research and career development costs. allowable costs under this category may include: 1) research expenses such as supplies, equipment and technical personnel, including expenses generated in the laboratories of the established investigators who serve as mentors; 2) travel to receive training or attend scientific meetings where the scholar will be presenting chrcda-funded work (not to exceed $3500 annually); 3) tuition, fees, or books; and 4) computer services. these research and development costs must be itemized for each individual candidate and related to the scholar's research activities. they cannot be pooled and used for other programs unrelated or indirectly related to the research activities of individual scholars. other program related expenses consultant costs, equipment, supplies, travel for key persons, and other program-related expenses may be included in the proposed budget. these expenses must be justified as specifically required by the proposed program and must not duplicate items generally available at the applicant institution. allowable costs include: travel to an annual chrcda program meeting for the pd/pi, the td, and for the current chrcda scholars. travel may also be requested for one additional training or scientific meeting per year for current scholars. minimal costs can be allocated for advertising and recruitment in order to attract the best candidates nationally. some laboratory costs may be provided to scholars to offset expenses of the scholar's research project related to k12 training. these costs may include partial salary support for technical assistants. administrative support services that are directly associated with and necessary for the chrcda program, and are not covered by institutional overhead charges, may be requested. allowable costs include supplies, duplicating equipment, telephone, or maintenance contracts for equipment. items that may not be supported with k12 funds include: travel of the pd/pi, td, or program mentors to scientific meetings other than the yearly chrcda retreat; patient care costs such as inpatient bed days or outpatient visits, except for clinical laboratory analyses essential for the scholars research; alterations and renovations. indirect costs indirect costs (also known as facilities & administrative [f&a] costs) are reimbursed at 8% of modified total direct costs (exclusive of tuition and fees and expenditures for equipment), rather than on the basis of a negotiated rate agreement. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-OD-17-006,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon funding availability, the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications, and programmatic priority. nih, via support from the fda center for tobacco products (ctp), intends to fund up to 10 tcors, corresponding to a total of up to $40 million, for fiscal year 2018. future year amounts will depend on availability of funds. award budget a u54 center may not exceed $4 million in total costs per year. award project period applicants may request a project period of up to five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AI-20-010,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards niaid intends to commit $4 million in fy 2021 to fund 2-3 awards. award budget application budgets are limited to $800,000 in direct costs per year, but also need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-DA-14-012,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nih intends to commit $1 million in fy2014 to fund an estimated 5-7 awards. award budget the total combined budget for direct costs for the two-year r21 project period may not exceed $275,000. no more than $200,000 may be requested in any single year. applicants may request direct costs in $25,000 modules, up to the total direct costs limitation of $275,000 for the combined two-year award period. award project period the total project period may not exceed 2 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-ES-18-010,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards niehs intends to commit $1.0 m in fy 2019 to fund 1 award. award budget application budgets are limited to $700,000 direct costs per year and need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the project period is limited to 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-OD-19-025,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? required: only accepting applications that propose clinical trial(s)) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nih intends to fund 1 award, corresponding to a total of up to $8,000,000, for fiscal year 2020. award budget an applicant for the dcoc may request a budget for up to $1,750,000 per year in direct costs plus $3,500,000 per year in direct costs for capitation fees for distribution to the clinical sites, and for necessary monitoring, dsmb visits, and protocol review committee activities. award project period the project period cannot exceed five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-HD-12-201,ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new renewal applications currently funded under rfa-hd-05-025 are permitted in response to this foa. the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nichd intends to commit approximately $2.1 million dollars in total costs [direct plus facilities and administrative (f&a) costs] in fy 2012 to fund 1 new and/or renewal award. award budget an applicant for the data coordinating center may request a budget of $ 2.1 million in total costs [direct costs plus facilities and administrative (f&a) costs] per year. award project period an applicant for the data coordinating center may request a project period of up to 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AI-17-036,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niaid intends to commit $2.5m in fy 2019 to fund 10-15 awards. award budget application budgets are limited to $275,000 in direct costs over the two-year project period for the r21 phase, with a maximum of $200,000 in direct costs allowed in any single year. the r33 award phase is limited to $300,000 in direct costs per year. award project period the total project period cannot exceed five years. applicants may request up to two years of support for the r21 phase and up to 3 years of support for the r33 phase. the niaid anticipates approximately 50% of the funded r21 phase awards will transition to the r33 award. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AG-21-003,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nia intends to commit a total of $5,250,000 in fy 2021 to fund 4 awards pending review and submission of sufficiently meritorious applications.. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the maximum project period is 4 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-CA-16-014,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nci intends to commit $12 million in total costs in fy 2017 to fund up to 12 awards. the number of awards is contingent upon nci appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. it is expected that funds will be available in subsequent years, but the funding and the amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget budgets up to $750,000 direct costs per year may be requested. award project period a project period of up to 5 years may be requested if justified. shorter project periods may also be requested commensurate with the nature of the project(s) proposed. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AR-16-004,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niams intends to commit up to $1.5 million in fy 2016 to fund a maximum of three awards. the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations, and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. award budget application budgets are limited to $500k direct costs per year. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DK-17-502,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niddk intends to commit $1.7 million, nhlbi intends to commit $250,000 and nichd intends to commit $300,000 to fund 2 awards in fy 2018. award budget an applicant may request a budget for direct costs up to $750,000 per year. award project period the project period will be 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-MH-14-020,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the nimh intends to commit approximately $4,000,000 (total costs) in fy 2014 to fund 3-6 awards. award budget application budgets are not limited, but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the total project period for an application submitted in response to this foa may not exceed 3 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HL-10-005,section ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity will use the nih research project cooperative agreement (u01) grant mechanism. the applicant institutions project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses non-modular budget formats described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). this funding opportunity will use a cooperative agreement award mechanism. in the cooperative agreement mechanism, the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) retains the primary responsibility and dominant role for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project, with nih staff being substantially involved as a partner with the principal investigator, as described under the section vi. 2. administrative requirements , "cooperative agreement terms and conditions of award." 2. funds available the participating organizations intend to award up to $5.25 million over seven years (fy2010-2016) under this foa. awards issued under this foa are contingent upon the availability of funds and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. it is anticipated that one research coordinating unit (rcu) award will be made under this foa. budgets for direct costs of up to $500,000 per year and a project duration of up to seven years may be requested for a maximum of $3.5 million direct costs over a seven year project period. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation, see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. section
RFA-AG-12-006,section ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nia intends to commit $375,000 in fy2012 for up to 5 meritorious projects responsive to this foa. award budget application budgets are limited to $50,000 per year in direct costs. award project period the maximum project period is 2 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AI-15-005,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niaid intends to commit $4.0 million in fy 2016 to fund 6-8 awards. award budget the application budget is limited to $350,000 in direct costs per year, and should reflect the actual needs of the project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-MD-09-003,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity will use the p20 award mechanism(s). the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses non-modular budget formats described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). 2. funds available the ncmhd intends to commit approximately $4 million dollars in fy 2009 to fund approximately four to five new and renewal grant awards in response to this foa. an applicant may request a project period of up to five years and a budget for direct costs up to $650,000 dollars per year for four-year institutions and up to $420,000 per year for two-year colleges. because the nature and scope of the proposed research and related capacity building activities will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. in the first year of support for a new applicant five-year project period a one-time allocation of $150,000 for renovations/alterations may be added to the $650,000 maximum for four-year institutions and $125,000 for renovations/alterations may be added to the $420,000 maximum for two-year colleges. however, competing renewal applicants may only apply for a one-time cost expenditure for renovations and alterations in the amount of $50,000 for two-year and $75,000 four year institutions respectively. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitations; see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to all applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-MH-20-215,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nimh intends to commit $10m total cost per year for 5 years, beginning in fy 2020. award budget application budget needs to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the total project period may not exceed 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-HL-08-010,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity will use the cooperative agreement (u10) award mechanism(s). the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses non-modular budget formats described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). this funding opportunity will use a cooperative agreement award mechanism. in the cooperative agreement mechanism, the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) retains the primary responsibility and dominant role for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project, with nih staff being substantially involved as a partner with the principal investigator, as described under the section vi. 2. administrative requirements , "cooperative agreement terms and conditions of award." this is a one time solicitation to fund asthmanet for 7 years. it is expected that all protocols will be completed within the 7-year time period. plans beyond the current funding period are indefinite. 2. funds available the total amount of funding that nhlbi expects to award for asthmanet (for up to 9 clinical centers and 1 dcc) is $104.8 million for a project period of 7 years. designated funding levels are subject to change at any time prior to award, due to unforeseen budgetary, administrative, or scientific developments. the nhlbi anticipates awarding up to 9 clinical centers in response to this foa, and one data coordinating center in response to a separate foa (see rfa-hl-08-011 ). out of the total funds for asthmanet and in response to this foa, the nhlbi expects to award approximately $50.7 million total costs over 7 years for up to 9 clinical centers for three functions: (1) $27.2 million total costs for core funds to provide infrastructure for implementing protocols and reporting findings; (2) $20.5 total costs to cover protocol start up costs, which will be awarded as restricted funds and released by nhlbi according to protocol needs and clinical center performance; and (3) up to $2.9 million total costs for clinical research skills development core funds. in addition to the funds awarded directly by nhlbi to the clinical centers, protocol funds (approximately $40.3 million total costs) to execute and closeout clinical management trials, proof-of-concept studies and mechanistic studies will be part of the data coordinator centers grant award and will be distributed by the dcc to the clinical centers and the dcc in accordance with protocol budgets (see rfa-hl-08-011 ). because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the nhlbi provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation, see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. section
RFA-DK-11-502,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement application types allowed renewal the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niddk intends to commit $1,250,000 in fy 2012 to fund one award. award budget the maximum application budget is $900,000 direct costs per year, exclusive of indirect costs on subcontracts. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DE-15-004,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. nidcr intends to commit up to $3 million in fy 2015 to fund 3-4 awards. award budget application budgets are limited to $600,000 per year in direct costs and should reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period 4 years nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-RM-09-016,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this foa will use the r01 award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts (see sf424 (r&r) application guide ) . it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ) . specifically, a u.s. organization submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs) must use the phs398 modular budget component. u.s. applicants requesting more than $250,000 in annual direct costs and all foreign applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component. 2. funds available funds available. a total of $3.5 million in fy 2010 funds has been committed to support this foa. anticipated number of awards. the anticipated number of awards under this foa is 7-10. awards issued under this foa are contingent upon the availability of funds and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. budget and project period. the requested budget must be commensurate with the work proposed. the proposed project period may not exceed five years. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-RM-09-012,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this foa will use the regular research project (r01) award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts (see sf424 (r&r) application guide ) . it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ) . specifically, a u.s. organization submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs) must use the phs398 modular budget component. u.s. applicants requesting more than $250,000 in annual direct costs and all foreign applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component. 2. funds available the total amount of funding that the nih expects to award through this announcement is $3-5 million in fy10. the office of the director, nih has committed up to $3 million from the common fund ( http://commonfund.nih.gov/ ) to this roadmap initiative. the participating ics will consider providing additional support for applications in their areas of interest. the anticipated number of awards is 13-16 awards and this number will depend on the budgets and areas of ic interest of the awards made. the expected direct cost amount for individual awards is up to $200,000-$250,000 per year and the project period is 4 years. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HD-12-210,ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations, and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. the participating nih institutes and the office of global aids coordinator intend to commit a total of $3,350,000 to support 4-8 awards in fy2012. of that amount, nichd intends to commit $1,000,000 for fiscal year 2012. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget total costs of up to $500,000 per year and project duration of up to two years for a maximum of $1,000,000 total costs over a two-year project period. funds should be budgeted in the application to allow pd/pis and key collaborators to attend annual meetings at nih and one regional meeting each year. a minimum of 80% of awarded funds must be spent in the pepfar country where the research is taking place. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 2 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-NS-12-005,ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards ninds intends to commit up to $2,000,000 in total costs in fy2012 to fund 4-6 awards. award budget support may be requested for up to $800,000 in direct costs (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs) over a four year period, prorated for shorter terms ($600,000 for three years, $400,000 for two years). regardless of the term of support, direct costs (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs) may not exceed $250,000 in any one year. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 . award project period 2 to 4 years nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AI-17-010,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niaid intends to commit $2,900,000 in fy 2018 to fund 3-5 awards. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period of the combined r61 and r33 phases is 5 years with up to 2 years for the r61 phase and up to 3 years for the r33 phase. applications with a project period less than 5 years are encouraged where feasible. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-MH-20-226,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nimh intends to commit a total of $7 million in fy 2020, to fund up to 2 awards. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 4 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-DE-14-001,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nidcr intends to support two to three r01 applications solicited through this foa. a companion foa, rfa-de-14-002 , will support an additional two to three r21 exploratory/developmental grant applications. nidcr intends to commit up to $1.5 million in total costs in fy2014 to support meritorious projects solicited through these two foas. award budget because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary among applications, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. r01 application budgets are not limited, but they should reflect actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 4 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-NS-18-023,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new resubmission from this foa or rfa-ns-17-006 the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? required: only accepting applications that propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the nih anticipates providing $10m per year to fund an estimated 5 to 7 awards award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. budgets should rarely exceed $2m per year. award project period the total duration may not exceed 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-DE-17-006,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nidcr intends to commit $1.1 million in fy 2017 to fund 2-4 awards. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum period is 5 year. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DA-10-005,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this foa will use the r21/ r33 award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts (see sf424 (r&r) application guide ) . it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ) . specifically, a u.s. organization submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs) must use the phs398 modular budget component. u.s. applicants requesting more than $250,000 in annual direct costs and all foreign applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component. 2. funds available the national institute on drug abuse intends to commit approximately two million dollars in fy 2010 to fund grants in response to this foa. it is anticipated that 5-6 awards will be made and the expected direct cost amount for individual awards is up to $250,000/year for up to 2 years for the initial r21 phase and with possible continuation as an r33 dependent upon progress during the first two years. only successful screening efforts will progress beyond the initial 2-year funding period to r33 status. the r33 award phase will be limited to $250,000 in direct costs per year for up to 3 years. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DA-10-013,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this foa will use the dp1 award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts (see sf424 (r&r) application guide ) . budgets are not required. 2. funds available $2 million have been set aside in 2010 to provide 2-3 awards, contingent upon the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. awards will be for up to $500,000 in direct costs each year for five years, plus applicable facilities and administrative costs to be determined at the time of award. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AI-17-014,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niaid intends to commit $5.0 million in fy 2018 to fund 5-7 awards. award budget budgets for direct costs of up to $750,000 per year may be requested. applicants may also request up to an additional $300,000 in the first year of the award for major equipment to ensure that research objectives can be met and biohazards can be contained, totaling $1,050,000 direct costs. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-NS-20-007,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards ninds intends to commit a total of $1.5 million in fy 2020 to fund 2-3 awards. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the maximum period of the combined r61 and r33 phases is 5 years, with up to 2 years for the r61 phase and up to 3 years for the r33 phase. transition to the r33 phase is dependent on successful completion of go/no-go criteria. the scope of the proposed project should determine the requested project period. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-CA-15-022,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the nci intends to commit $4.5 million in fy 2016 to fund up to 3 awards. future year amounts are anticipated to be at the same levels, but will ultimately depend on annual appropriations. award budget application budgets for each center may not exceed $910,000 in direct costs per year and need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period applicants may request up to 5 years of support. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-RM-15-009,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the nih intends to commit $2 million in fy 2016 to fund approximately 3 awards. award budget direct costs are limited to a maximum of $400,000 in each year. award project period the maximum project period is 3 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-EY-15-001,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nih intends to fund an estimate of 15 awards, corresponding to a total of $6m over two years. the initial funding period will begin in fiscal year 2015. award budget the combined budget for direct costs for the two year project period may not exceed $300,000. no more than $200,000 may be requested in any single year. award project period the total project period may not exceed 2 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-NS-12-008,section ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards ninds intends to fund up to 1 award in response to this solicitation with a maximum of $800,000 direct cost for fiscal year 2012. future support will depend on annual appropriations and program needs. award budget application budgets must reflect actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the maximum period is 5 years other award budget information personnel costs the pd/pi may request salary for up to 1.2 person-months (10%) effort and fringe benefits. this award will provide support for up to 2.4 person-months (20%) effort for an administrative assistant to the pd/pi for work directly performed for the nrcdp program. funds may also be requested for honoraria for advisory committee members. note: program-related administrative and clerical salary costs associated distinctly with the program that are not normally provided by the applicant organization may be direct charges to the grant only when they are in accordance with applicable cost principles. for institutions covered by omb circular a-21, this type of career development program may qualify as a major project where administrative salaries are allowable as a direct cost. when specifically identified and justified, these expenses must be itemized in sections a and b, as appropriate, of the r&r budget. participant costs scholars are those individuals who benefit from the proposed activities and experiences involved in the career development program. it is intended that up to two new scholars per year will be funded by this program. funds may be used to support scholar salary and fringe benefits. this support should be consistent with ninds support provided by individual mentored k awards. scholar costs must be justified as specifically required for the proposed career development program, and must be itemized in the proposed budget. other program related expenses this award will provide support for research and career development expenses, and support for scholars to attend scientific meetings deemed appropriate for their research career development. it is also anticipated that funds will be used to support travel of scholars to an annual meeting organized by the pd/pi for participants in the nrcdp program. expenses, such as staff salaries, consultant costs, equipment, research supplies, and travel directly related to the research career development program are allowed. the amount of these funds should be consistent with support provided by ninds for individual mentored k awards, but may be supplemented, at the discretion of the pd/pi, for unusual, well-justified expenses. funds may also be used for an annual meeting of scholars, advisory committee members and appropriate faculty. funding of mentor salary is not allowed. indirect costs indirect costs (also known as facilities & administrative [f&a] costs) are reimbursed at 8% of modified total direct costs (exclusive of tuition and fees and expenditures for equipment), rather than on the basis of a negotiated rate agreement. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HL-13-003,section ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new resubmission the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations, and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. the nhlbi intends to fund 8-12, corresponding to a total of $4.8 million, for fiscal year 2013. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget an application may request a budget for direct costs up to $250,000 (10 modules) per year, excluding subcontractor or consortium facilities and administrative (f&a) costs. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is four years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-OD-19-021,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new resubmission the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon funding availability, the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications, and programmatic priority nih, via support from the fda center for tobacco products (ctp), intends to fund up to 7 r21s, corresponding to a total of up to $1.5 million, for fiscal year 2020. future year amounts will depend on availability of funds. award budget the combined budget for direct costs for the entire project period may not exceed $275,000. no more than $200,000 in direct cost may be requested in any single year. award project period the maximum project period is 2 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-MH-11-050,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this foa will use the r01 award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts (see sf424 (r&r) application guide ) . it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ) . specifically, a u.s. organization submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs) must use the phs398 modular budget component. applicants requesting more than $250,000 in annual direct costs must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component. 2. funds available the nimh intends to commit approximately $5,000,000 in totals costs to fund 7-10 new grants in fy 2011. an applicant may request a project period of up to five years and budget for direct costs up to $1.625 million dollars with no more than $400,000 in direct costs for any single year. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HL-13-026,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. the nhlbi intends to fund an estimate of 8-9 awards, corresponding to a total of $5,280,000 for fiscal year 2013, with a total cost commitment of $26.4 million over a 5-year period, but all future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget application budgets are limited to a maximum of $440,000 direct costs in any year (excluding consortium f&a), but need to reflect actual needs of the proposed project. award project period 5 years nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-MD-18-004,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nimhd intends to commit $2,000,000 in fy 2018 to fund 3-4 awards. award budget application budgets are limited to $350,000 direct costs annually. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-DA-08-010,ii. award information 1. mechanism(s) of support this funding opportunity will use the p20 award mechanism(s). as an applicant, you will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this funding opportunity uses the just-in-time budget concepts. it also uses the non-modular budget format described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). a detailed categorical budget for the "initial budget period" and the "entire proposed period of support" is to be submitted with the application. 2. funds available the total amount available for this announcement is $2,000,000 to support up to two centers. individual awards will be limited to $700,000 direct costs per year. the anticipated start date is september 2008. the duration of this award will be 3 years. section
RFA-CA-08-016,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity will use the nih u10 cooperative agreement award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses non-modular budget formats described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). this funding opportunity will use a cooperative agreement award mechanism. in the cooperative agreement mechanism, the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) retains the primary responsibility and dominant role for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project, with nih staff being substantially involved as a partner with the principal investigator, as described under the section vi. 2. administrative requirements , "cooperative agreement terms and conditions of award." nci has determined that there is a continuing need for community participation in cancer clinical trials that cover both cancer prevention/control and treatment. while this foa is a one-time issuance, it is expected that a minority-based ccop foa will be published in the nih guide for grants and contracts on an annual basis using the u10 cooperative agreement award mechanism, provided that funds are available. 2. funds available the estimated amount of funds available for support of approximately three projects awarded as a result of this announcement is $ 1.1 million for fiscal year 20 09 . future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the nih ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation, see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. section
RFA-DK-20-022,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed resubmission new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards niddk intends to commit $3,000,000 in fy 2022 to fund 4-6 awards. award budget application budgets are limited to $500,000 direct costs per year and should reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-CA-13-008,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nih intends to fund one award, corresponding to a total of up to $3.2 million per year, for fiscal years 2014 and 2015; funding amounts will be reduced to no more than $2.4 million in year 3 and $1.85 million in year 4. award budget application budgets must not exceed $3.2 million per year in total costs for years 1 and 2 of the funding period, $2.4 million for year 3, and $1.85 million for year 4. award project period award project period must be 4 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-GM-08-001,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity announcement (foa) will use the nih research project grant ( r01) award mechanism. the applicant will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ). specifically, if you are a u.s. organization and are submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs), use the phs398 modular budget component provided in the sf424 (r&r) application package and sf424 (r&r) application guide (see specifically section 5.4, modular budget component, of the application guide). all foreign applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component found in the application package for this foa. see not-od-06-096 , august 23, 2006. 2. funds available because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the institutes and centers (ics) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. the national institute of general medical sciences intends to commit approximately 1.6 million dollars in fiscal year 20 08 to fund 3-4 applications . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. f&a costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 , november 2, 2004. section
RFA-NS-16-009,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new resubmission of rfa-ns-15-006 the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the nih anticipates providing $13.5m per year, to fund an estimated 4 to 7 awards. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. applicants should rarely exceed $2m direct costs per year. award project period the duration of the ug3 phase cannot exceed 4 years and the total duration of the ug3/uh3 phases combined may not exceed 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-MH-13-120,section ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the nimh intends to commit approximately $3,000,000 in fy 2013 to fund up to 6 awards. award budget application budgets are not limited, but need to reflect actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the total project period for applications submitted in response to this foa may not exceed 4 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DA-09-013,ii. animal models: sophisticated animal behavioral models are available to study the initiation of drug abuse behavior, sustained/continued use, escalation to compulsive use, withdrawal from drugs and relapse to drug-seeking. however, we know relatively little about the neurobiological changes that exercise and physical activity initiate at the cellular or circuit-levels that may have functional consequences for motivation, affect, learning or memory processes important for drug abuse and the addictive process. this initiative promotes mechanistic research using animal models at the behavioral, genetic, molecular, cellular, circuit and systems levels to investigate changes produced by exercise or physical activity that can be related to drug abuse and addiction. applications considered responsive to this foa will be those employing animal models that (1) best mimic essential features of the addictive process and (2) manipulate physical activity in an experimental design that has translational implications for human intervention noting that paradigms employing acute drug administration and one time exercise experiences are those least likely to yield relevant information for problems of abuse and addiction. lastly, applicants should consider that exercise alters the energy balance in an organism, and the effects of altered feeding on neural outcomes should be separated from those of physical activity and/or exposure to abused substances. research areas of interest include but are not limited to the following questions: at the behavioral level, exercise can be introduced prior to onset of the behavior of interest (e.g., conditioned place preference, drug self-administration, choice between drug and natural rewards, etc.), during or concomitant with ongoing drug maintained behavior, or at critical points of escalation or relapse. does exercise or physical activity alter vulnerability or resilience to drug use and thus serve as a possible model for intervention? what behavioral and/or neurobiological mechanisms are responsible for these effects? are choice behavior paradigms useful for the study of relative reinforcing properties of physical activity versus drugs of abuse? is exercise an effective alternative reinforcer and what parameters produce optimal results? are the neurobiological changes associated with drug abuse behavior different than those produced by exercise? are there additive or synergistic effects, assessed behaviorally or in terms of underlying neurobiological substrates? does exercise interfere with the development of neuroadaptations seen over repeated drug use? does exercise induce similar or overlapping adaptations at the biochemical and morphological levels? what are the functional consequences of these alterations for the development of addictive processes? what is the relationship between the phenotype for behavioral activity level and behavioral and neurobiological outcomes related to drug abuse? does stress mediate the effects of exercise in models of drug abuse and addiction? what impact does exercise have upon the homeostatic dysregulation and stress that accompanies withdrawal from drugs of abuse? additionally, what are the consequences for continued drug use and/or relapse behavior? does response to exercise predict drug abuse behavior or are the phenotypes that predict reinforcing effects of exercise and those for addiction vulnerability overlapping? does physical activity interact with phenotypes that have been associated with drug use vulnerability (for example, impulsivity or novelty-seeking)? does response to exercise predict drug abuse behavior or are the phenotypes that predict reinforcing effects of exercise and those for addiction vulnerability overlapping? does physical activity interact with phenotypes that have been associated with drug use vulnerability (for example, impulsivity or novelty-seeking)? in all the above studies, are there sex differences and developmental differences? do gonadal hormones play a role?
RFA-CA-20-021,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed revision applications from active nci r01 awardees. resubmission (but only of revision applications submitted in response to rfa-ca-19-0 23 or this foa the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nci intends to fund an estimate of 3 awards, corresponding to a total of $600,000, for fiscal year 2021. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget application budgets may not exceed $150,000 in direct costs per year. award project period applicants may request support for up to 2 years, not to exceed the remaining number of years on the parent grant. the parent grant must be active when the application is submitted. if a no-cost extension is needed on the parent grant, it must be in place before the revision application is submitted. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-AI-16-008,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niaid intends to commit $5.58 million in fy 2017 to fund 3 to 5 awards, including awards made under the companion foa ( rfa-ai-16-007 ) for u01 applications and includes a total cost of $350,000 annually to support an infrastructure and opportunities fund. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. as a guideline, the approximate amount of funding in direct costs per nhpcsg award in the current funding year is $0.9 to $2.0 million for u19 awards, excluding the infrastructure and opportunities fund and varying based on the number of research projects in the u19. applicants may have valid requirements for exceeding this range, and are encouraged to discuss such requirements with the scientific/research contact listed in section vii.1 below. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-CA-20-009,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new resubmission the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nci intends to commit $3,600,000 in fy 2021 to fund 4 awards. award budget budgets are limited to $600,000 direct costs (excluding consortium f&a) per year. award project period the maximum project period is five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-CA-16-018,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. the nci and fic intend to commit an estimated total amount of 2.4 million dollars in fiscal year 2017 to fund 2-3 awards. award budget application budgets should be commensurate with the scope of the research activities proposed but must not exceed $600,000 per year in direct costs. award project period applicants may request up to five years of support. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DK-20-033,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new renewal - only one renewal is allowed resubmission applications in response to rfa-dk-19-033 the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards niddk intends to commit $1,000,000 in fy 2021 or fy 2022 to fund up to 3 awards. award budget application budgets are limited to $200,000 in direct costs per year award project period the maximum project period is 2 years. the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-HL-16-020,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new resubmission the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the nhlbi intends to set aside a total of $1.0 million in fy 2016, $2.5 million in fy 2017, $3.0 million in fy 2018, $2.0 million in fy 2019, and $500,000 in fy 2020 for this program. the nhlbi intends to fund up to 10 new awards in fy 2016, 15 new awards in fy 2017, 15 new awards in fy 2018, and 5 new awards in fy 2019. award budget application budgets are limited to direct costs up to $50,000 per year, but need to reflect actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the maximum project period is two years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AG-18-030,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? required: only accepting applications that propose clinical trial(s)) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nia intends to commit $3,000,000 in fy 2018 to fund 5-8 awards. the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. award budget no more than $350,000 in direct costs may be requested in any single year. application budgets need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-NR-20-002,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. nih intends to fund an estimate of 4-6 awards, corresponding to a total of $3,000,000, for fiscal year 2020. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget application budgets are limited to $500,000 per year in direct costs. award project period up to 4 years nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-DK-17-503,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the niddk intends to commit $1.475 million in fy 2018 to fund 1 award. award budget an applicant may request a budget for direct costs up to $900,000 per year. award project period the project period will be 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-RM-19-005,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nih intends to commit approximately $8,000,000 in fy 2020 to fund approximately 7 awards. award budget awards will be for $700,000 in direct costs per year, plus applicable facilities and administrative (f&a) costs. award project period the project period is limited to five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-AG-20-031,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trial(s). need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nia intends to commit $495,000 in total costs in fy 2020 to fund three awards. award budget application budgets are limited to $150,000 in direct costs per year. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. other award budget information personnel costs individuals designing, directing, and implementing the research education program may request salary and fringe benefits appropriate for the person months devoted to the program. salaries requested may not exceed the levels commensurate with the institution's policy for similar positions and may not exceed the congressionally mandated cap. (if mentoring interactions and other activities with participants are considered a regular part of an individual's academic duties, then any costs associated with the mentoring and other interactions with participants are not allowable costs from grant funds). participant costs participants may be paid if specifically required for the proposed research education program and sufficiently justified. participant costs must be itemized in the proposed budget. allowable participant costs depend on the educational level/career status of the individuals to be selected to participate in the program. while generally not an allowable cost, with strong justification, participants in the research education program may receive per diem unless such costs are furnished as part of the registration fee. participants may also receive funds to defray partial tuition and other education-related expenses. expenses for foreign travel must be well justified. individuals supported by nih training and career development mechanisms (k, t, or f awards) may receive, and indeed are encouraged to receive, educational experiences supported by an r25 program as participants, but may not receive salary or stipend supplementation from a research education program. because the r25 program is not intended as a substitute for an nrsa institutional training program (e.g.,t32), costs to support full-time participants (supported for 40 hours/week for a continuous, 12-month period) are not allowable. other program-related expenses consultant costs, equipment, supplies, travel for key persons, and other program-related expenses may be included in the proposed budget. these expenses must be justified as specifically required by the proposed program and must not duplicate items generally available at the applicant institution. indirect costs indirect costs (also known as facilities & administrative [f&a] costs) are reimbursed at 8% of modified total direct costs (exclusive of tuition and fees and expenditures for equipment), rather than on the basis of a negotiated rate agreement. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-DA-20-008,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nida intends to commit $1m in fy2020 to fund 3-5 awards from this r01 and the r21. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget application budgets are limited to direct costs of $350k. award project period project periods cannot exceed 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-AG-20-020,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. nia intends to commit $7 million in fy 2020 to fund an estimated 6-8 awards. award budget applications may request a budget of up to $800,000 in direct costs per year. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-MH-13-010,section ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the nimh intends to commit approximately $4,000,000 total costs in fy 2013 to fund 8 or more awards in response to this foa. award budget application budgets are not limited, but need to reflect actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the total project period for an application submitted in response to this foa may not exceed five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-NR-12-010,section ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards ninr intends to commit $2.5 million to fund 3-5 awards in fy 2012 to fund, contingent on available funds. award budget application budgets are limited to $350,000 in direct costs in any year, not including consortium f&a costs). award project period scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum period for an r01 is 5 years nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HG-10-014,ii. award information 1. mechanism(s) of support this funding opportunity will use the small business innovation research (sbir [r43/r44]) grant mechanisms. applications may be submitted for support as phase i, phase ii, or fast-track grants as described in the sf424 (r&r) sbir/sttr application guide. small business concerns that have received a phase i sbir grant may apply for phase ii funding of that project. the phase ii must be a logical extension of the phase i research but not necessarily as a phase i project supported in response to this funding opportunity. sbir phase ii applications will compete with all sbir applications and will be reviewed according to the customary peer review procedures. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this funding opportunity uses just-in-time information concepts. the modular budget format is not accepted for sbir grant applications. applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the sf424 research and related (r&r) budget component found in the application package attached to this foa in grants.gov/apply . 2. funds available the estimated amount of funds available for support of 2-5 projects awarded as a result of this announcement is $2.5 million for fiscal year 2011 . future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. for this funding opportunity, budgets up to $250,000 total costs per year and time periods up to three years for phase i may be requested. budgets up to $1.5 million total costs per year and up to three years may be requested for phase ii nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AI-08-003,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity will use the u01 cooperative agreement award mechanism(s). the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses non-modular budget formats described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). this funding opportunity will use a cooperative agreement award mechanism. in the cooperative agreement mechanism, the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) retains the primary responsibility and dominant role for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project, with nih staff being substantially involved as a partner with the principal investigator, as described under the section vi. 2. administrative requirements , "cooperative agreement terms and conditions of award". this foa is a one-time solicitation. at this time, the niaid has not determined whether or how this solicitation will be continued beyond the present foa. 2. funds available the niaid intends to commit approximately $4 million dollars in fy 2009 to fund 4-6 applications in response to this foa. an applicant may request a project period of up to five years and a budget for direct costs up to $500,000 dollars per year. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation, see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-RM-20-003,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards a total of $7 million is available for fy 2020. it is anticipated that 5-7 awards will be made the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. award budget application budgets are limited to $800,000 direct costs per year. award project period the scope of the project should determine the project period. the total award period requested for this foa may not exceed five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-DK-19-016,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards niddk intends to commit $2,500,000 in fy 2020 to support one award. future years are contingent upon annual appropriations. award budget the application budget plus scientific and data coordinating center (sdcc) must reflect the actual needs of the proposed research studies across the project period. the sdcc may request funds up to $1,700,000 in direct costs in the years one and two and up to $750,000 in direct costs for each year three, four and five. approximately $1,000,000 in direct costs of the first two year's request will be used to establish the longitudinal cohort. award project period the maximum project period for this award is five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-DC-11-003,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity will use the u24 award mechanism. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses non-modular budget formats described in the phs 398 application instructions (see https://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). this funding opportunity will use a cooperative agreement award mechanism. in the cooperative agreement mechanism, the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) retains the primary responsibility and dominant role for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project, with nih staff being substantially involved as a partner with the principal investigator, as described under the section vi. 2. administrative requirements , "cooperative agreement terms and conditions of award". plans beyond the current funding opportunity are indefinite. 2. funds available total amount of funding that the agency/ic expects to award through this announcement is $7.5m over 5 years. the anticipated number of awards is three. the expected direct cost amount for individual project awards is $300,000 per year, with durations of 5 years. direct costs cannot exceed $300,000/year for five-year research awards for each project. an additional amount of not more than $50,000/year may be requested specifically for restricted direct costs for potential service as network headquarters, to provide administrative coordination, tissue procurement and training (see section iv.6. and section vi.2.a.3). only one of the successful applications will be selected (see section v.2 , additional review consideration) by nidcd as the network headquarters to receive these funds. the estimated amount of funds available for support of 3 projects awarded as a result of this announcement is $ 1.5m for fiscal year 20 11 . future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation, see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. section
RFA-AG-19-022,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nia and niehs intend to commit a combined total of $1.417 million across rfa-ag-19-022 and rfa-ag-19-023 to fund 3-4 u01 awards and one u24 award. nia and niehs intend to commit a combined total of $1.417 million across rfa-ag-19-022 and rfa-ag-19-023 to fund 3-4 u01 awards and one u24 award. rfa with multiple ics/components (choice 2, not preferred; use if ics/components are not showing each contribution in the foa) award budget application budgets are limited to $345,000 in direct costs per year in years 1-3 and $500,000 in direct costs per year in years 4-5. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-HL-14-024,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new renewal resubmission the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the nhlbi intends to commit $7,600,000 in fy 2014 to fund an estimated 10 awards and $9,120,000 in fy 2015 to fund an estimated 12 awards. award budget application budgets are limited to a maximum of $499,999 direct costs in any year (excluding consortium f&a). budgets need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 4 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-MH-14-030,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the nimh intends to commit approximately $1,500,000 in fy 2014. the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations, and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. award budget application budgets are limited to $400,000 annual direct costs. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DK-15-006,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niddk intends to commit approximately $2.5 million in support of 4-5 awards in fy 2016. although the financial plans of the niddk provide full support for the first two years of this program, awards pursuant to this foa, particularly in years 3 to 5 of the awards, are contingent upon the availability of funds. award budget application budgets are not limited, but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. other award budget information personnel costs individuals designing, directing, and implementing the career development program may request salary and fringe benefits appropriate for the person months devoted to the program. salary for the pd/pi will be provided for levels of effort up to 1.2 person months (10% of full-time professional effort). for applications with multiple pd/pis, salary support for the combined levels of effort of the pd/pis will be provided up to 1.2 person months. salaries requested may not exceed the levels commensurate with the institution's policy for similar positions and may not exceed the congressionally mandated cap. if mentoring interactions and other activities with scholars are considered a regular part of an individual's academic duties, then mentoring and other interactions with scholars are non-reimbursable from grant funds. limited (typically no more than 1.2 person months) program-related administrative and clerical salary costs associated distinctly with the program that are not normally provided by the applicant organization may be direct charges to the grant only when they are in accordance with applicable cost principles. for institutions covered by uniform guidance 45 cfr part 75, this type of training program may qualify as a major project where administrative salaries are allowable as a direct cost. when specifically identified and justified, these expenses must be itemized in sections a and b, as appropriate, of the r&r budget. items that may not be supported with k12 grant funds include: salaries and fringe benefits for the program mentors. direct support of the mentors' laboratories beyond those expenses directly attributable to the scholar's project. salary and support for central institutional administrative personnel (e.g., budget officers, grant assistants, and building maintenance personnel), which are usually paid from institutional overhead charges. salary and support for administrative activities such as institutional public relations or health and educational services. scholar costs scholars are those individuals who benefit from the proposed activities and experiences involved in the career development program. scholar costs must be justified as specifically required for the proposed career development program and based on institutional policies for salaries paid to individuals in similar positions, regardless of the source of funds. salary support of up to $90,000 each year, plus the appropriate fringe benefits, may be requested for each k12 scholar. the total salary requested must be based on a full-time, 12-month staff appointment and requires scholars to devote a minimum of 9 person months (equivalent to 75 percent) of full-time professional effort toward health-related research and career development activities, with the remaining effort being devoted to activities related to the development of a successful career as a physician-scientist. the institution may supplement the niddk contribution; however, the supplementation may not be from federal funds unless specifically authorized by the federal program from which such funds are derived. in no case may phs funds be used for salary supplementation. institutional salary supplementation may not require extra duties or responsibilities that would interfere with the purpose of this award. the applicant institution may request support for up to three scholars in each budget period. scholar research and development support: up to $50,000 per scholar may be requested for the following types of expenses: (a) research supplies, small equipment and technical personnel; (b) tuition and fees related to didactic courses or career development workshops; (c) travel to research meetings or training; and, (d) statistical and computational services including personnel and computer time. all expenses must be directly related to the proposed research career development program; they cannot be pooled and used for other programs unrelated or indirectly related to the research activities of individual scholars. other program related expenses consultant costs, equipment, supplies, travel for key persons, and other program-related expenses may be included in the proposed budget. these expenses must be justified as specifically required by the proposed program and must not duplicate items generally available at the applicant institution. these expenses must be itemized in the proposed budget. items that may not be supported with k12 funds include: travel of the pd/pi, program director, or program faculty/mentors to scientific meetings. patient care costs such as inpatient bed days or outpatient visits, except for clinical laboratory analyses essential for the research of the scholars. alterations and renovations. indirect costs indirect costs (also known as facilities & administrative [f&a] costs) are reimbursed at 8% of modified total direct costs (exclusive of tuition and fees, consortium costs in excess of $25,000, and expenditures for equipment), rather than on the basis of a negotiated rate agreement. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HD-17-017,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new renewal resubmission revision the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nichd intends to commit $3,000,000 in fy 2017 to fund up to two awards. award budget new (type 1) and renewal (type2) applications may request up to $1,000,000 in direct costs (excluding subcontract facilities and administrative [f&a] costs) for each project year. direct costs for each project year may exceed $1,000,000 with appropriate scientific justification provided subtotal direct costs do not exceed $5,000,000 over 5 years. no annual increases in noncompeting years may be requested. applicants should discuss equipment requests with nichd staff early in the planning phase and must receive permission from the institute to include equipment costs in their budget request. final decisions on equipment requests will depend on the nature of the justification and the institute's fiscal situation. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AI-13-024,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niaid intends to commit $5.5 million in fy 2014. future year amounts may vary depending on annual appropriations. award budget application budgets are not limited, but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AG-16-009,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nia intends to commit up to $750,000 in fy2016 to fund 1 award. award budget application budgets are limited to $500,000 in annual direct costs. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AT-11-003,section ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new resubmission revisions only revisions and resubmissions to previous versions of this foa are acceptable. the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nccam intends to commit an estimated total of $3 million per year to support up to 5 new grants. award budget up to $300,000 (direct costs) per year. award project period scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. section
RFA-TR-18-020,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. award budget applicants may request up to $1 million in direct costs/year. for the career enhancement core, there is a cap of $100,000 direct costs/year for the duration of the awards. award project period applicants may request up to 5 years of support. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-MH-09-161,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity will use the nih exploratory/developmental phased innovation grant (r21/r33) award mechanisms. applicants must apply for the combined r21 and r33 award. applicants using only the r21 mechanism or only the r33 mechanism will not be considered. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts (see sf424 (r&r) application guide ). it also uses the non-modular budget format. all applicants, including foreign applications, must complete and submit budget request using the research and related (r&r) budget component. modular budgets are not permitted for this foa. 2. funds available the nimh intends to commit approximately $1, 5 00,000 and the niaaa intends to commit $1,000,000 in total costs for fy09 to support four to eight grants in response to this foa and the companion r34 foa. the combined r21/r33 award is limited to five years in duration. the r21 phase may not exceed 2 years. the r33 phase may not exceed 3 years. for the r21 phase of the application, direct costs are limited to a maximum of $275,000, with a ceiling on direct costs of $150,000 for any single year. for the r33 phase of the application, direct costs must be limited to $450,000, with no more than $225,000 in any single year. the award of r33 funds will be based on program priorities, on the availability of funds, and on successful completion of negotiated scientific milestones as determined by nih staff in the context of peer review recommendations. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic provides support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-CA-12-016,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations, and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. for the group of pqs covered by the foa (group a), the nci intends to fund approximately 6 r21 awards for both application rounds combined, corresponding to a total of up to $2-3 million, for fiscal year 2013 and a similar amount for fiscal year 2014. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget the combined budget for direct costs for the two year project period may not exceed $275,000. no more than $200,000 may be requested in any single year. application budgets must reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the total project period may not exceed 2 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DE-14-005,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the nidcr intends to commit up to $2.0 million total costs to this foa in fiscal year 2014 in order to fund one award. award budget up to $2.0 million in annual total costs. award project period 5 years nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-OD-19-016,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. od intends to commit $3,000,000 in fy 2019 to fund one to two multi-year awards award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the maximum project period is five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-AG-17-005,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nia intends to commit $14 million in fy 2017 to fund 1 award. award budget application budgets are limited to $10 million direct costs per year. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DK-18-014,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards niddk intends to commit $2.5 million for fy 2019 to fund 3-5 awards. award budget application budgets are limited to $550,000 direct costs per year. award project period the maximum project period is 4 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-HL-11-004,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity will use the cooperative agreement (u01) award mechanism(s). the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses non-modular budget formats described in the phs 398 application instructions (see https://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). this funding opportunity will use a cooperative agreement award mechanism. in the cooperative agreement mechanism, the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) retains the primary responsibility and dominant role for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project, with nih staff being substantially involved as a partner with the principal investigator, as described under the section vi. 2. administrative requirements , "cooperative agreement terms and conditions of award." 2. funds available the total amount of funding that the nhlbi expects to award for mapgenkb is $5.5 million for a project period of 5 years. designated funding levels are subject to change at any time prior to award, due to unforeseen budgetary, administrative , or scientific developments. the nhlbi anticipates awarding one mapgenkb grant, which may request direct costs up to $650,000 annually for 5 years and an additional total cost of $250,000 for year s 3 and 4 that will be distributed to rcs to execute collaborative proof of concept and/or mechanistic studies. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation, see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. section
RFA-NS-13-004,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement application types allowed new the oer glossary and the phs398 application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations, and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. ninds intends to commit $3 million in direct costs in fy 2013. award budget overall budget - an applicant may request a project period of up to five years and a budget for direct costs not to exceed $1.0 million for the first year with incremental increases for recurring costs (i.e., personnel, consultants, supplies, travel and other expenses). increases in outyear budgets for recurring costs are subject to the availability of funds. applications exceeding the budgetary limits specified above will be returned to the applicant without peer review. element i - research program - a maximum of $650,000 direct costs per year can be requested. the budget for the research program should encompass the budget of each key component listed below. exploratory research projects - up to $325,000 direct costs over 3 years, with no more than $175,000 in any single year may be requested to support an exploratory project. support will be provided for up to 3 exploratory projects for a limit of a three-year period for each. transition funds may be requested for years 4-5 to assist in preparation of independent grant funding. if an exploratory project is favorably recommended for the initial three-year period, funds will be included each year for the full five years. funds requested in years 4-5 will be contingent upon successful completion of performance goals for years 1-3 and review and approval by ninds staff. other key components - up to $325,000 direct costs can be requested to support snrp program leadership, neuroscience infrastructure, supportive research cores, administrative core, and advisory committee. element ii - enrichment program - a maximum of $400,000 direct costs can be requested. the budget for the enrichment program should encompass the budget of each key element listed below. faculty development component - up to $125,000 to support development activities diversity student research preparedness component - up to $275,000 to support up to 4 graduate and/or postdoctoral students. the most recent stipend, tuition, and research related expenses are described on the ruth l. kirschstein national research service award (nrsa) . up to $25,000 to support an additional part time research experience for up to 4 undergraduate students.
RFA-TW-14-002,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards issuing agencies and partner components intend to commit an estimated total of $3 million for fy2015 for the combined linked (u01 and u2r) awards, corresponding to approximately five linked hub awards. the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. award budget anticipated budget total costs may not exceed $300,000 per year. the u2r application budget should be developed in close coordination with the linked u01 research application ( rfa-tw-14-001 ) because the combined budget for both linked u01 and u2r applications cannot exceed $600,000 in total costs per year and at least 50% of the combined budget must be in the lmic's u01 application. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. other award budget information personnel costs, stipends, tuition, and fees awards provide stipends as a subsistence allowance to help defray living expenses during the research training experience and contribute to the combined cost of tuition and fees at u.s. or foreign institutions. trainees must be paid a stipend comparable to their professional experience. individuals designing, directing, and implementing the program may request salary and fringe benefits appropriate for the person months devoted to the program. salaries requested may not exceed the levels commensurate with the institution's policy for similar positions and may not exceed the u.s. congressionally mandated cap. faculty mentors and other collaborating key personnel may receive appropriate compensation for their significant activities on the program, such as recruitment and selection activities, as well as other program-related roles. the administrative, training or teaching responsibilities and time commitment for personnel receiving salary should be thoroughly described. the salary and fringe benefits requested for faculty and staff should not exceed 25 percent of total costs. if mentoring interactions and other activities with trainees are considered a regular part of an individual's academic duties, then mentoring and other interactions with scholars are non-reimbursable from grant funds. limited program-related administrative and clerical salary costs associated distinctly with the program that are not normally provided by the applicant organization may be direct charges to the grant only when they are in accordance with applicable cost principles. for institutions covered by omb circular a-21, this type of training program may qualify as a major project where administrative salaries are allowable as a direct cost. when specifically identified and justified, these expenses must be itemized in sections a and b, as appropriate, of the r&r budget. trainee travel trainee travel to attend scientific meetings and workshops that the program determines to be necessary for the individuals research training experience is an allowable trainee expense. training related expenses nih will provide funds to help defray other research training expenses, such as health insurance, staff salaries, consultant costs, small equipment, research supplies, and faculty/staff travel directly related to the research training program. faculty travel: funds may be requested for round-trip economy airfare on u.s. carriers (to the maximum extent possible) and lodging and per diem for the pd/pi to attend the annual program network meeting (meeting location may be in the u.s. or at a funded lmic site). funds may be requested for faculty to conduct well-justified training activities. consultant costs, equipment, supplies, travel for key persons, and other program-related expenses may be included in the proposed budget. these expenses must be justified as specifically required by the proposed program and must not duplicate items generally available at the applicant institution. costs associated with attending multiple steering committee meetings per year are allowed (travel, telephone and internet costs). it is anticipated that most geohealth network steering committee meetings will be virtual meetings. indirect costs indirect costs (also known as facilities & administrative [f&a] costs) are reimbursed at 8% of modified total direct costs (exclusive of tuition and fees, consortium costs in excess of $25,000, and expenditures for equipment), rather than on the basis of a negotiated rate agreement. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AG-12-003,section ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new resubmission the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the national institute on aging, and the national institute of neurological disorders and stroke intend (in combination) to commit approximately $1 million in fy 2012 to support 5 to 7 awards. the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations, and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. the john a. hartford foundation and the american federation for aging research (afar) have agreed to contribute to this initiative by providing supplemental awards to increase the number of candidates funded and/or by making independent awards and by sponsoring an annual meeting of the funded investigators and primary mentors. nia, and ninds strongly encourage you to share your application with these foundations and to share the results of peer review with them. you may send your application to the american federation for aging research (afar) at the address below. afar will share it with the other listed foundation: american federation for aging research attn: paul b. beeson career development awards in aging program 55 west 39th street, 16th floor new york, ny 10018 odette@afar.org . award budget award budgets are composed of salary and other program-related expenses, as described below. applicants may seek up to $200,000 (direct costs) per year. direct costs requested across all years may be no more than $600,000 for three year awards; $700,000 for four year awards; and $800,000 for five year awards. award project period awards will be made for three, four or five years. (note considerations in part ii, section i, 2. program, above.) other award budget information salary applicants may seek up to $200,000 (direct costs) per year. direct costs requested across all years may be no more than $600,000 for three year awards; $700,000 for four year awards; and $800,000 for five year awards. the total salary requested must be based on a full-time staff appointment. the salary must be consistent both with the established salary structure at the institution and with salaries actually provided by the institution from its own funds to other staff members of equivalent qualifications, rank, and responsibilities in the department concerned. the sponsoring institution may supplement the nih salary contribution up to a level that is consistent with the institution's salary scale. however, supplementation may not be from federal funds unless specifically authorized by the federal program from which such funds are derived. in no case may phs funds be used for salary supplementation. institutional supplementation of salary must not require extra duties or responsibilities that would interfere with the purpose of the career award. other program-related expenses nih will contribute up to $200,000 per year towards the award. candidates may propose a budget appropriate to the research and related needs (e.g., travel to one of the annual beeson meetings) within this limit. salary for mentors, secretarial and administrative assistants, etc. is not allowed. indirect costs indirect costs (also known as facilities & administrative [f&a] costs) are reimbursed at 8% of modified total direct costs. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-RM-07-009,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity announcement (foa) will use the dp2 award mechanism. the applicant will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. applications proposing multiple pis are not allowed. 2. funds available total funding available for this five-year program is at least $40 million for the five-year period. it is anticipated that at least 14 awards will be made.
RFA-AG-12-004,section ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new resubmission the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the national institute on aging, and the national institute of neurological disorders and stroke intend (in combination) to commit approximately $1 million in fy 2012 to support 5 to 7 awards. the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations, and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. the john a. hartford foundation and the american federation for aging research (afar) have agreed to contribute to this initiative by providing supplemental awards to increase the number of candidates funded and/or by making independent awards and by sponsoring an annual meeting of the funded investigators and primary mentors. nia and ninds strongly encourage you to share your application with these foundations and to share the results of peer review with them. you may send your application to the american federation for aging research (afar) at the address below. afar will share it with the other listed foundation: american federation for aging research attn: paul b. beeson career development awards in aging program 55 west 39th street, 16th floor new york, ny 10018 odette@afar.org award budget award budgets are composed of salary and other program-related expenses, as described below. applicants may seek up to $200,000 (direct costs) per year. direct costs requested across all years may be no more than $600,000 for three year awards; $700,000 for four year awards; and $800,000 for five year awards. award project period awards will be made for three, four or five years. (note considerations in part ii, section i, 2. program, above.) other award budget information salary applicants may seek up to $200,000 (direct costs) per year. direct costs requested across all years may be no more than $600,000 for three year awards; $700,000 for four year awards; and $800,000 for five year awards. the total salary requested must be based on a full-time staff appointment. the salary must be consistent both with the established salary structure at the institution and with salaries actually provided by the institution from its own funds to other staff members of equivalent qualifications, rank, and responsibilities in the department concerned. the sponsoring institution may supplement the nih salary contribution up to a level that is consistent with the institution's salary scale. however, supplementation may not be from federal funds unless specifically authorized by the federal program from which such funds are derived. in no case may phs funds be used for salary supplementation. institutional supplementation of salary must not require extra duties or responsibilities that would interfere with the purpose of the career award. other program-related expenses nih will contribute up to $200,000 per year towards the award. candidates may propose a budget appropriate to the research and related needs (e.g., travel to one of the annual beeson meetings) within this limit. salary for mentors, secretarial and administrative assistants, etc. is not allowed. indirect costs indirect costs (also known as facilities & administrative [f&a] costs) are reimbursed at 8% of modified total direct costs. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-RM-13-020,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nih intends to fund an estimate of 5-7 awards, corresponding to a total of $2.5 million, for fiscal year 2014. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget application budgets are limited to a maximum of $250,000 direct costs per year but also need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum period is 3 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AI-15-054,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niaid intends to commit $4.5 million in fy 2017 to fund 20-25 awards. award budget application budgets are limited to $275,000 in direct costs over the two-year project period, with a maximum of $200,000 in direct costs allowed in any single year. the r33 award phase is limited to $300,000 in direct costs per year. award project period the total project period for an application submitted in response to this foa cannot exceed five years. applicants may request up to two years of support for the r21 phase and up to 3 years of support for the r33 phase. the niaid anticipates approximately 50% of the funded r21 phase awards will transition to the r33 award. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-ES-19-007,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new resubmission the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards niehs intends to commit $4m in fy 2020 to fund 4-5 awards across this funding opportunity and its companion, rfa-es-19-008 award budget allowable application budgets are related to the current niehs support which will be consolidated into the r35 award. applicants may request up to $600,000 in direct costs per year. if an individual has niehs funding beyond the $600,000 dc level which will be consolidated given the guidelines above, they may add the additional funds plus 10% to a total of $750,000 direct costs per year. award project period the maximum project period is 8 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-HD-18-102,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new (phase i, fast-track) the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) sbir/sttr application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nih intends to fund up to $1.6m for this foa and the companion rfa-hd-18-101 for an estimate of 5-6 awards. award budget according to statutory guidelines, total funding support (direct costs, indirect costs, fee) normally may not exceed $150,000 for phase i awards and $1,000,000 for phase ii awards. with appropriate justification from the applicant, congress will allow awards to exceed these amounts by up to 50% as a hard cap ($225,000 for phase i and $1,500,000 for phase ii). however, nih has received a waiver from sba, as authorized by statute, to exceed the hard cap of $225,000 for phase i or $1,500,000 for phase ii for specific topics. the current list of approved topics can be found at https://sbir.nih.gov/funding#omni-sbir . applicants are strongly encouraged to contact nih program officials prior to submitting any application in excess of the guidelines and early in the application planning process. in all cases, applicants should propose a budget that is reasonable and appropriate for completion of the research project. award project period according to statutory guidelines, award periods normally may not exceed 1 year for phase i and 2 years for phase ii. applicants are encouraged to propose a project duration period that is reasonable and appropriate for completion of the research project. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-CA-20-020,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new resubmission the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nci intends to fund an estimate of 2 awards, corresponding to a total of $900,000, for fiscal year 2021. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget direct costs are limited to $300,000 per year. award project period the total project period request may not exceed 3 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-ES-14-002,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niehs and epa intend to fund an estimate of 5 awards, corresponding to $7.0 million total cost per year, which includes direct and facilities and administrative (f&a) costs, for 4 years beginning in fiscal year 2015. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. epa and niehs plan to concurrently fund centers with funding shared by epa and niehs and managed by both epa and niehs. if a center is concurrently funded, the center will be supported by two awards: one which provides the epa portion of the budget, and a companion award which provides the niehs portion of the budget. there may be an opportunity for a center to be funded by only one agency related to mission priorities or program needs, in which case the center will receive one award by the funding agency. in appropriate circumstances, epa reserves the right to partially fund applications by funding discrete portions or phases of proposed projects. if epa decides to partially fund an application, it will do so in a manner that does not prejudice any applicants or affect the basis upon which the application, or portion thereof, was evaluated and selected for award, and therefore maintains the integrity of the competition and selection process. both niehs and epa reserve the right to reject all applications and make no awards, or make fewer awards than anticipated, or to make additional awards consistent with the policies of the agencies, if additional funding becomes available after the original selections are made. any additional selections for awards will be made no later than six months after the original selection decisions. the number of awards is contingent upon nih and epa appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. award budget for each center, application budgets are limited to $1.5 million per year total costs for up to 4 years for renewal applications and $1.25 million per year total costs for up to 4 years for new applications. award project period the total project period may not exceed 4 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-CA-20-004,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new resubmission applies only to applications originally submitted in response to this foa the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. nci intends commit $12.0 million in fy2021 to fund approximately 15-20 awards. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the total project period may not exceed 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-MD-15-014,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nimhd intends to commit $5,000,000 in fy 2016 to fund 2-3 awards. award budget application budgets are limited to $1,500,000 in direct costs annually, exclusive of consortium indirect costs. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HD-13-015,section ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nichd intends to commit up to $1,800,000 total costs in fy 2013 to fund one award. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget application budgets are limited to a total cost ceiling of up to $1,800,000 in fy 2013, and must reflect actual needs of the proposed rsdp. award project period the project period duration may not exceed five years. other award budget information personnel costs applicants designing, directing, and implementing the career development program may request salary and fringe benefits appropriate for the person-months devoted to the program. salaries requested may not exceed the levels commensurate with the institution's policy for similar positions and may not exceed the congressionally mandated cap. if mentoring interactions and other activities with scholars are considered a regular part of an individual's academic duties, then mentoring and other interactions with scholars are non-reimbursable from grant funds. limited program-related administrative and clerical salary costs associated distinctly with the program that are not normally provided by the applicant organization may be direct charges to the grant only when they are in accordance with applicable cost principles. for institutions covered by omb circular a-21, this type of career development program may qualify as a major project where administrative salaries are allowable as a direct cost. when specifically identified and justified, these expenses must be itemized in sections a and b, as appropriate, of the r&r budget. support for personnel and other administrative activities should be limited to no more than $200,000 direct costs per year. items that may not be supported with k12 funds include: salaries and fringe benefits for the program mentors; direct support of the laboratories, salaries, fringe benefits, travel and research projects of the investigators serving as mentors beyond those expenses directly attributable to the scholar's project; salary and support for central institutional administrative personnel (e.g., budget officers, grant assistants, and building maintenance personnel), which are usually paid from institutional overhead charges; salary and support for administrative activities such as institutional public relations or health and educational services. participant costs scholars are those individuals who benefit from the proposed activities and experiences involved in the career development program. scholar costs must be justified as specifically required for the proposed career development program and based on institutional policies for salaries paid to individuals in similar positions, regardless of the source of funds. these expenses must be itemized in the proposed budget. salary and fringe benefits: for the first two years of the program, scholars are provided up to $100,000 for salary support plus associated fringe benefits, annually from the k12 award consistent with their institution's salary scale. the total salary requested must be based on a full-time, 12-month staff appointment and requires scholars to devote no less than 12 person-months (equivalent to 100%) of full-time professional effort to conducting research and engaging in activities devoted to the development of a successful research career. for years three through five of the program, scholars are provided up to $75,000 for salary support plus associated fringe benefits, annually from the k12 award consistent with their institution's salary scale. the total salary requested must be based on a full-time, 12-month appointment and requires scholars in phase ii to devote a minimum of 9 person-months (equivalent to 75%) of full-time professional effort to conducting research. the remaining effort may be devoted to other activities such as teaching or clinical service. the institution may supplement the nih salary contribution up to a level that is consistent with the institution's salary scale; however, supplementation may not be from federal funds unless specifically authorized by the federal program from which such funds are derived. in no case may phs funds be used for salary supplementation. institutional supplementation of salary must not require extra duties or responsibilities that would interfere with the purpose of the program. research and career development support: all applicants may request up to $25,000 per year for support of scholars' and career development activities. allowable expenses include (1) travel to training or scientific meetings; (2) research supplies and equipment; and (3) technical support and statistical or computer services. these research and development costs must be specifically documented for each individual candidate and must be specifically related to the scholar's research activities. they cannot be pooled and used for other programs unrelated or indirectly related to the research activities of individual scholars. other program related expenses the rsdp budget should include adequate funds to permit each scholar to attend the annual rsdp scholar's retreat. indirect costs indirect costs (also known as facilities & administrative [f&a] costs) are reimbursed at 8% of modified total direct costs (exclusive of tuition and fees and expenditures for equipment), rather than on the basis of a negotiated rate agreement. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HL-20-003,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new resubmission the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. nhlbi intends to fund up to 8 awards, corresponding to total costs of up to $7,875,000 in fy 2020 and $10,500,000 per year in fy 2021 through 2026. award budget application budgets may not exceed direct costs of up to $635,000 in fiscal year (fy) 2020, and up to $850,000 per year in fy 2021 through fy 2026. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the project period is limited to up to 3 years for the ug3 phase and up to 4 years for the uh3 phase. the maximum project period is up to 7 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-CA-17-050,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nci intends to fund one or two awards, corresponding to a total of $4 million dollars in total costs for fiscal year 2018. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget application budgets are limited to $1.6 million in direct costs per year, and need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AA-12-007,ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niaaa intends to commit $4 million in total costs in fy 2012 to fund one or more consortium, dependent on the availability of funds. award budget each consortium may request up to $2 million in total cost and the administrative core is capped at $25,000 direct cost. award project period the total project period for an application submitted in response to this funding opportunity announcement may not exceed five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HL-14-028,ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the nhlbi intends to commit $22 million and the nigms intends to commit $13 million over 5 years to fund up to 8 awards. the following nih components intend to commit the following amounts in fy 2014: nhlbi, $4,400,000, to fund up to 5 awards. nigms, $2,600,000, to fund up to 3 awards. award budget an applicant may request a budget for direct costs up to $500,000 per year, excluding 1st tier subcontractor or consortium facilities and administrative (f&a) costs. award project period the total project period may not exceed 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-NR-11-006,section ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the national institute of nursing research (ninr) intents to commit $2 million, for up to 5 awards in fy2011.. award budget application budgets are limited to $300,000 in direct costs per year, and are not to exceed 4 years. award project period the total project period for an application submitted in response to this funding opportunity may not exceed 4 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HG-20-044,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nhgri intends to commit $7m total costs per year in fy21-fy25 to fund 5-7 awards. the actual amount is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. award budget application budgets must reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. application budgets are limited to $900k direct costs per year. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-AG-18-005,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nia intends to commit $18.58 million in total costs in fy 2018 to fund up to two awards. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 6 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AG-15-010,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nih intends to fund an estimate of 3-5 awards, corresponding to a total of $4,000,000 in fiscal year 2015. the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations, and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. award budget application budgets are limited to no more than $750,000 direct costs per year. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-CA-13-005,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the phs 398 application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nci intends to fund one award, for a total cost of $3.9 million in fiscal year 2013. the financial plans of the nci provide support for this initiative through 5 years. award pursuant to this funding opportunity is contingent upon the availability of funds. award budget application budgets are limited as follows, but need to reflect actual needs of the proposed project. proposed budgets for years 1 and 2 must not exceed $3,900,000, each year (in total costs). proposed budgets for years 3, 4, and 5 must not exceed $4,400,000, each year (in total costs). the budgetary increases in years 3, 4, and 5 are specifically designed to support the sub-saharan africa regional biospecimen repository. award project period applicants must request a project period of 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-NR-07-005,section ii. award information 1. mechanism(s) of support this funding opportunity will use the p30 award mechanism. as an applicant, you will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this funding opportunity uses the just-in-time budget concepts. it also uses the non-modular budget format described in the phs 398 application instructions (see https://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). a detailed categorical budget for the "initial budget period" and the "entire proposed period of support" is to be submitted with the application. there are no plans to reissue this foa. support will be available for up to 5 years. depending on the availability of funds, successful applications may be competitively renewed for a maximum of 10 years funding. 2. funds available it is anticipated that $2.0 million/year for 5 years will be available to support scientifically meritorious applications responding to this p30 foa and the companion p20 foa (rfa-nr-07-004). it is anticipated that support will be provided for up to 2-3 new p30 centers of excellence. individual awards are expected to be $300,000 to $400,000 per year in direct costs; $480,000 is the maximum amount that may be requested in total (i.e., direct plus f&a) costs per year. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation, see not-od-05-004 .
RFA-CA-18-028,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards issuing ic and partner components intend to commit up to $1,000,000 in fy2019 to fund up to 3 awards. award budget the combined budget for direct costs for the two-year project period may not exceed $275,000. no more than $200,000 may be requested in any single year. award project period the maximum project period is 2 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-AI-07-039,section ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity announcement (foa) will use the nih research project grant ( r01) award mechanism. the applicant will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses the modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ). budgets should be limited to $250,000 in direct costs per year for up to five years. specifically, if you are a u.s. organization and are submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs), use the phs398 modular budget component provided in the sf424 (r&r) application package and sf424 (r&r) application guide (see specifically section 5.4, modular budget component, of the application guide). at this time, it is not known if competing renewal (formerly competing continuation ) applications will be accepted and/or if this foa will be reissued. 2. funds available because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the institutes and centers (ics) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. n iaid intends to commit approximately $4 million in fiscal year 20 08 to fund 8 - 12 applications . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. f &a costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 , november 2, 2004.
RFA-HG-14-004,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new resubmission the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the nih plans to commit $6 million dollars in fy15 to support three related approaches to institutional training grants under bd2k, as embodied in rfa-hg-14-004 , rfa-hg-14-005 , and rfa-hg-14-006 . we anticipate that the average size of an award will be approximately $350,000 total cost. it is expected that about 18 awards will be supported in fy15 in total under these three rfas, depending on the quality of the applications. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. award budget application budgets are not limited, but it is anticipated that each institutional training program may appoint up to 6 trainees annually. budgets need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. grantees are expected to be familiar with and comply with applicable cost policies and the nrsa guidelines ( nih grants policy statement - institutional research training grants ). funds may be used only for those expenses that are directly related to and necessary for the research training and must be expended in conformance with omb cost principles, the nih grants policy statement , and the nrsa regulations, policies, guidelines, and conditions set forth in this document. award project period awards will be made for five years. other award budget information stipends, tuition, and fees kirschstein-nrsa awards provide stipends as a subsistence allowance to help defray living expenses during the research training experience. nih will contribute to the combined cost of tuition and fees at the rate in place at the time of award. the most recent stipend, tuition, and fee levels are described on the ruth l. kirschstein national research service award (nrsa) site. visit nih grants policy statement : ruth l. kirschstein national research service awards for more information. trainee travel travel funds may be requested for up to two meetings per trainee while on the grant. one of those trips should be to attend an annual bd2k consortium meeting in bethesda, md, and the other to one scientific meeting in an area of big data science. travel funds should also be requested for the travel of the pds/pis to attend the annual bd2k training meeting. the travel cost should be limited to $1500 per trip. training related expenses nih will provide funds to help defray other research training expenses, such as health insurance, staff salaries, consultant costs, equipment, research supplies, and faculty/staff travel directly related to the research training program. the most recent levels of training related expenses are described on the ruth l. kirschstein national research service award (nrsa) site. visit nih grants policy statement : ruth l. kirschstein national research service awards for more information. up to $20,000 for development of new curriculum related to big data science may be requested in the first year, if strongly justified. indirect costs indirect costs (also known as facilities & administrative [f&a] costs) are reimbursed at 8% of modified total direct costs (exclusive of tuition and fees, and expenditures for equipment), rather than on the basis of a negotiated rate agreement. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-RM-21-001,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the nih common fund intends to commit approximately $2,000,000 in fy2022 and fy2023, and $3,000,000 per year for fy2024 through fy2026. approximately one award is anticipated, contingent upon availability of funds and receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. award budget for all years, budget must reflect the actual needs of the proposed projects. award project period a project period of 5 years must be requested. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-NS-17-023,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. ninds intends to commit up to $1,000,000 in direct costs in fy 2018. award budget budget requests are limited to $250,000 in direct costs per year in the ug3 phase and $300,000 in direct costs per year in the uh3 phase. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. the maximum period for the ug3 phase is 2 years and the maximum period for the uh3 phase is 3 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HG-07-020,section ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity announcement (foa) will use the nih research project grant ( r01) award mechanism. the applicant will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ). specifically, if you are a u.s. organization and are submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs), use the phs398 modular budget component provided in the sf424 (r&r) application package and sf424 (r&r) application guide (see specifically section 5.4, modular budget component, of the application guide). u.s. applicants requesting more than $250,000 in annual direct costs and all foreign applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component found in the application package for this foa. see not-od-06-096 , august 23, 2006. 2. funds available n hgri, intends to commit approximately $5 million dollars total costs in fiscal year 20 08 to fund 2-7 applications. an applicant may request a project period of up to 5 years and a budget for direct costs up to $1.5 million dollars per year. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the institute provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. f &a costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 , november 2, 2004.
RFA-DK-12-503,ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niddk intends to commit to one award utilizing a special type 1 diabetes program appropriation for a total cost of $45 million in fiscal year 2012. award budget the requested budget will vary across years for a maximum of $45,000,000 total costs over a five year project period. award project period the total project period for an application submitted in response to this foa may not exceed five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AI-12-042,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the following nih components intend to commit the following amounts in fy 2014: niaid intends to commit up to $2.42 million in fy 2014. nimh intends to commit up to $500,000 in fy 2014 for studies focused on the central nervous system compartment. award budget application budgets are not limited, but need to reflect actual needs of the proposed project. award project period scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DA-16-009,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the participating institutes intend to commit an estimated total of $1.5m to support this foa in fy 2016. however, the total amount awarded and the number of awards made will depend upon the number, quality, and cost of the applications received. it is anticipated that 4-5 awards will be made. award budget direct costs for each application are not to exceed $500,000 per year. grantees are expected to be familiar with and comply with applicable cost policies and the nrsa guidelines ( nih grants policy statement - institutional research training grants ). funds for the nrsa portion of the training program may be used only for those expenses that are directly related to and necessary for the research training and must be expended in conformance with omb cost principles, the nih grants policy statement , and the nrsa regulations, policies, guidelines, and conditions set forth in this document. award project period an applicant may request a project period of up to five years. other award budget information stipends, tuition, and fees (t90) and participant costs (r90) nrsa predoctoral trainees (t90) : kirschstein-nrsa awards provide stipends as a subsistence allowance to help defray living expenses during the research training experience. for nrsa trainees, nih will contribute to the combined cost of tuition and fees at the rate in place at the time of award. the most recent stipend, tuition, and fee levels for nrsa trainees are described on the ruth l. kirschstein national research service award (nrsa) site. visit nih grants policy statement : ruth l. kirschstein national research service awards for more information. non-nrsa trainees (r90): predoctoral trainees: non-nrsa predoctoral students may be compensated following the nih policy of graduate student compensation ( nih gps, section 2.3.7.9 ). the amount provided for compensation includes salaries or wages, fringe benefits and tuition remission. undergraduate trainees: compensation to help defray expenses during the research training experience will be provided for each full-time upper level (junior or senior) undergraduate participant. each undergraduate trainee may receive compensation, comparable to their experience, not exceeding $12,096 (or $1,008 per month). short-course participants: participants in short-term education programs may receive a subsistence allowance, including partial costs of meals and lodging unless such costs are furnished as part of the registration fee. participants may also receive funds to defray partial tuition, other education-related, and travel expenses. funds will not be provided for fringe benefits or health insurance for participants in any short-term research education program. individuals supported by nih training and career development mechanisms (k, t, or f awards) may receive, and indeed are encouraged to receive, educational experiences supported by the program, as participants, but may not receive salary or stipend supplementation from this program. trainee (t90) and participant (r90) travel trainee travel to attend scientific meetings and workshops that the institution determines to be necessary for the individuals research training experience is an allowable trainee expense for predoctoral and undergraduate trainees. up to $1,000 per year may be requested for each predoctoral trainee for travel to seminars, workshops, etc. directly related to the computational neuroscience program. trainees must be appointed to this training program at the time of actual travel for this to be an allowable cost. for each undergraduate trainee, up to $2,000 per year may be requested for research-related expenses, of which up to $1,000 may be for travel to seminars, workshops, etc. directly related to the computational neuroscience program. any expenses for foreign travel for any trainee or participant must be exceptionally well justified. training related expenses (t90) and other program related expenses (r90) training related expenses: nih will provide funds to help defray other training expenses, such as health insurance, staff salaries, consultant costs, equipment, research supplies, and faculty/staff travel directly related to the research training program. the most recent levels of training related expenses for nrsa predoctoral trainees are described on the ruth l. kirschstein national research service award (nrsa) site. funds are provided as a lump sum on the basis of the predetermined amount per predoctoral trainee approved for support. visit nih grants policy statement : ruth l. kirschstein national research service awards for more information. for non-nrsa predoctoral trainees, annual amounts of up to the nrsa predoctoral training related expenses (currently $4,200) may be requested for other education-related expenses. for each undergraduate trainee, up to $2,000 per year may be requested for research-related expenses, of which up to $1,000 may be for travel to seminars, workshops, etc. directly related to the computational neuroscience program. under exceptional circumstances, requests for additional student support costs must be explained in detail and strongly justified in the application. consultation with nih program staff in advance of such requests is strongly advised. personnel costs (r90): individuals participating in the design and implementation of the research education program may request salary and fringe benefits appropriate for the percent of effort devoted to the program. salaries requested may not exceed the levels commensurate with the institution's policy for similar positions and may not exceed the congressionally mandated cap. (if mentoring interactions and other activities with students are considered a regular part of an individual's academic duties, then mentoring and other activities with students are non- reimbursable from grant funds.) limited administrative and clerical salary costs associated distinctly with the program that are not normally provided by the applicant organization may be direct charges to the grant only when specifically identified, reasonable and justified. all personnel costs (including the program director, faculty leadership team and administrative and clerical costs) associated with directing, coordinating, and administering the program should not exceed 10% of the total direct cost of the r90 budget. short-term or summer-course costs: for new programs, up to $50,000 may be requested in year 1 for development of the course(s) and up to $150,000 for implementation in each year thereafter, including funds to defray the cost of attendance and enrollment of course participants from outside the grantee institution. it is expected that the grantee organization will contribute in-kind costs associated with these programs, such as classroom or laboratory space. the applicant must identify and describe planned institutional contributions in the application and include a letter from the grantee institutional official confirming availability of such resources. indirect costs indirect costs (also known as facilities & administrative [f&a] costs) are reimbursed at 8% of modified total direct costs (exclusive of tuition and fees, consortium costs in excess of $25,000, and expenditures for equipment), rather than on the basis of a negotiated rate agreement. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HL-13-011,section ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new the oer glossary and the phs398 application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations, and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. nhlbi intends to fund up to 5 awards, corresponding to a total of $7 million for fiscal year 2013. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget the direct costs requested should not exceed $950,000 per year: total costs should not exceed $1.4 million each year for 5 years . annual increases for recurring costs due to inflation will not be awarded.. award project period the project period for this award is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HD-16-035,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the following nih components intend to commit the following amounts in fy 2016: nichd, $20.5m, nida, $1.1m, nimh, $1.0m, nimhd, $1.93m issuing ic and partner components intend to commit an estimated total of $24.5m to fund 4-5 awards. award budget budgets up to $2,500,000 direct costs per year may be requested. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-NS-07-001,ii. award information 1. mechanism(s) of support this funding opportunity will use the nih research grant (r01) award mechanism. as an applicant, you will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this funding opportunity uses just-in-time concepts. it also uses the modular budget format described in the phs 398 application instructions (see https://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ). 2. funds available the ninds and niams intend to commit approximately $2 million in total costs in fy 2007 for this announcement and its companion rfa ( rfa-ns-07-002 ) to support a combined total of 4-7 meritorious applications. an applicant may request a project period of up to 5 years and a budget for direct costs up to $250,000 per year. the anticipated start date for awards is july 1, 2007. the mda will support additional meritorious applications received and reviewed under this rfa, to the extent that funds are available within its current research budget. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ninds and niams provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. grants may be subject to administrative budget reductions prior to award; contact the program officials listed in scientific/research contacts below for more information. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation, see not-od-05-004 . section
RFA-NS-19-011,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new resubmission the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose independent clinical trials. note: applicants may propose to gain experience in a clinical trial led by a sponsor/co-sponsor as part of their research training. need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the nih blueprint intends to commit $1,000,000 in fy2019 to fund approximately 20 awards. however, the total amount awarded and the number of awards made will depend upon the number, quality, and cost of the applications received. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget for the f99 phase award budgets are composed of stipends, tuition and fees, and institutional allowance, as described below. for the k00 phase, award budgets are composed of salaries and fringe benefits, research and career development support, and indirect costs, as described below.. award project period for the f99/k00 award, individuals may receive up to 6 years combined support for both phases, which includes up to 2 years in the f99 fellowship phase and up to 4 years in the k00 career development phase. other award budget information stipends allowable costs: f99 phase stipends are provided as a subsistence allowance to help defray living expenses during the research training experience. the stipend level for f99 predoctoral fellows is the same as for the f31 ruth l. kirschstein national research service award (nrsa) fellows. refer to the nih guide notice on : ruth l. kirschstein national research service award s tipends for more information. allowable costs: k00 phase nih blueprint will contribute up to $50,000 toward the salary of the career award recipient. the total salary requested must be based on a full-time staff appointment. the salary must be consistent both with the established salary structure at the institution and with salaries actually provided by the institution from its own funds to other staff members of equivalent qualifications, rank, and responsibilities in the department concerned. if full-time, 12-month salaries are not currently paid to comparable staff members, the salary proposed must be appropriately related to the existing salary structure. confirmation of salary may be required prior to the issuance of an award. fringe benefits, based on the sponsoring institution's rate and the percent of effort, are provided in addition to salary. the sponsoring institution may supplement the nih salary contribution up to a level that is consistent with the institution's salary scale. however, supplementation may not be from federal funds unless specifically authorized by the federal program from which such funds are derived. in no case may phs funds be used for salary. tuition and fees allowable costs: f99 phase nih blueprint will contribute to the combined cost of tuition and fees at the rate in place at the time of award, at the same level set for the f31 ruth l. kirschstein national research service award (nrsa) fellowships; refer to the nih guide notice on ruth l. kirschstein national research service award s tipends for more information. tuition and fees are not allowable costs for the k00 phase. institutional allowance allowable costs: f99 phase the applicant should request an institutional allowance to help defray the cost of fellowship expenses such as health insurance, research supplies, equipment, books, and travel to scientific meetings. the annual institutional allowance level for the f99 phase is the same as that provided for the f31 ruth l. kirschstein national research service award (nrsa) awards, plus an additional $1000 to defray the travel costs to attend a mandatory nih neuroscience blueprint-sponsored conference. the most recent institutional allowance levels are described via a link on the ruth l. kirschstein national research service award (nrsa) site. requests for additional costs (such as to accommodate the disabilities of a fellow) must be explained in detail and justified in the application. refer to the nih guide notice on : ruth l. kirschstein national research service award s tipends for more information. allowable costs: k00 phase nih blueprint will contribute $3,000 per year toward the research development costs of the award recipient, which must be justified and consistent with the stage of development of the candidate and the proportion of time to be spent in research or career development activities, plus an additional $1000 annually to defray the travel costs to attend a mandatory nih neuroscience blueprint-sponsored conference. salary for mentors, secretarial and administrative assistants, etc. is not allowed. indirect costs allowable costs: f99 phase nih does not separately reimburse indirect costs (also known as facilities & administrative [f&a] costs) for fellowships. costs for administering the f99 awards are part of the institutional allowance. allowable costs: k00 phase indirect costs (also known as facilities & administrative [f&a] costs) are reimbursed at 8% of modified total direct costs. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-HL-19-008,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nhlbi and partner ics intend to commit an estimated total of $37.021 million to fund up to 13 awards in fy 2019: nci, $1.9 million nhlbi, $10.535 million nidcr, $0.95 million ninds, $0.95 million niaid, $4.748 million nichd, $1.899 million nia, $4.917 million nimh, $5.829 million nida, $3.798 million ninr, $0.351 million nhgri, $1.053 million nimhd, $0.091 million award budget application budgets may not exceed direct costs of $3.9 million per year in fiscal years 2019 through 2025 to support research infrastructure. budgets should be commensurate with the scope and complexity of the program. award project period the maximum project period is seven years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-TW-18-001,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: accepting applications that do not propose clinical trial(s) note: appointed participants are permitted to obtain research experience in a clinical trial led by a mentor or co-mentor. need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards issuing ic and partner components intend to commit an estimated total of $750,000 in fy18 for one award. award budget applicants may request up to $750,000 per year total costs. award project period up to five years. other award budget information personnel costs individuals designing, directing, and implementing the research education program may request salary and fringe benefits appropriate for the person months devoted to the program. salaries requested may not exceed the levels commensurate with the institution's policy for similar positions and may not exceed the congressionally mandated cap. (if mentoring interactions and other activities with participants are considered a regular part of an individual's academic duties, then any costs associated with the mentoring and other interactions with participants are not allowable costs from grant funds). participant costs participants are any individuals who participate in the educational activities and initiatives sponsored by the association. participants may be paid if specifically required for the proposed research education program and sufficiently justified. participant costs must be itemized in the proposed budget allowable participant costs depend on the educational level/career status of the individuals to be selected to participate in the program. while generally not an allowable cost, with strong justification, participants in the research education program may receive per diem unless such costs are furnished as part of the registration fee. participants may also receive funds to defray partial tuition and other education-related expenses. expenses for foreign travel must be exceptionally well justified. individuals supported by nih training and career development mechanisms (k or d43 awards) may receive, and indeed are encouraged to receive, educational experiences supported by an r25 program, as participants, but may not receive salary or stipend supplementation from a research education program. costs to support full-time participants (supported for 40 hours/week for a continuous, 12-month period) are not allowable. other program-related expenses consultant costs, equipment, supplies, travel for key persons, and other program-related expenses may be included in the proposed budget. these expenses must be justified as specifically required by the proposed program and must not duplicate items generally available at the applicant institution. indirect costs indirect costs (also known as facilities & administrative [f&a] costs) are reimbursed at 8% of modified total direct costs (exclusive of tuition and related fees, direct expenditures for equipment, and subawards in excess of $25,000. these funds are paid to support the costs of compliance with federal requirements). nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-ES-11-013,section ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niehs and nsf intend to commit a total of $1.8 million in fy 2012 to fund two to four awards. award budget application budgets are limited to $400,000 direct costs. award project period the total project period for an application submitted in response to this funding opportunity may not exceed 5 years. shorter, exploratory studies may be proposed for 2 to 3 years of funding. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HL-11-009,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this foa will use the r34 (clinical trial planning grant) award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts (see sf424 (r&r) application guide ) . it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ) . specifically, a u.s. organization submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs) must use the phs398 modular budget component. 2. funds available under this funding opportunity announcement, applicants for the r34 award may request direct costs of up to $450,000 for three years. while variations from year to year are permissible, in no case may any year be more than $225,000 in direct costs, and total direct costs for the entire project period may not exceed $450,000. grant applications may request one, two, or three years of support. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the nhlbi provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-NS-16-014,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. the following nih components intend to fund up to 1 award which will be administered by ninds. the components intend to commit up to the following amounts to direct costs in fy 2017: national institute of neurological disorders and stroke ( ninds ): $235,000 national heart, lung, and blood institute ( nhlbi ): $235,000; national center for advancing translational sciences (ncats): $100,000. award budget application budgets should not exceed a maximum of $680,000 direct costs for year 1 or $415,000 direct costs/year for years 2-5 of siren. award project period the maximum requested project period cannot exceed 5 years but the actual funded project period is dependent on reaching specific milestones as described in this foa. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AI-19-012,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new renewal of rfa-ai-14-055 the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards niaid intends to commit $13.5 million in fy 2020 to fund 3-5 awards. award budget application budgets of up to $1.5 million direct costs per year may be requested for the individual administrative core, research projects and service cores combined. budget requests for the required consortium-wide cores (ccc and ofmc) must be separate from the above $1.5 million direct costs per year and are capped at a combined direct costs of $2.925 million per year. direct costs requested for the centers for medical countermeasures against radiation consortium application (including the required consortium-wide cores) may not exceed $4.425 million. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-OD-12-007,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed revision applications from investigators with active p30 awards issued by one of the participating institute/centers (ics) listed in this foa the oer glossary and the phs 398 application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. nih, via support from the fda center for tobacco products (ctp), intends to fund approximately 20 awards, corresponding to a total cost of $20 million, for fiscal year 2014. only one revision application per p30 award is allowed. the application may include up to four individual research projects/pilots. award budget revision applications may not exceed $1,000,000 in total costs per year, and application budgets need to reflect actual scope and needs of the proposed project(s). award project period applicants may request support for up to 2 years, not to exceed the remaining number of years on the parent grant and/or the funded extension per the notice of award, and/or the no-cost extension. if a no-cost extension is needed on the parent grant to incorporate the project period of the revision, the no-cost extension must be in place before the revision application is submitted. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DK-16-510,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niddk intends to commit $1,476,000 in fy 2017 to fund 1 award. award budget application budgets are limited to $1,062,000 direct costs per year. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DE-10-003,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this foa will use the r01 research project grant award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts (see sf424 (r&r) application guide ) . it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ) . specifically, a u.s. organization submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs) must use the phs398 modular budget component. u.s. applicants requesting more than $250,000 in annual direct costs and all foreign applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component. 2. funds available the nidcr intends to commit up to a total of $3 million to support approximately 3-4 awards in fy2010. awards issued under this foa are contingent upon availability of funds and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. however, t he total project period for an application submitted in response to this foa may not exceed four years. although r01 applications are not limited in dollars, budgets should be appropriate for the proposed work. the expected direct cost for individual awards is $300,000-600,000 per year. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-CA-17-046,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nci intends to commit $2,250,000 in total costs in fy 2018 to fund four awards. award budget application budgets are limited to $500,000 in direct costs per year. award project period the total project period request may not exceed 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DA-22-009,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new resubmission the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s). need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nida intends to commit $2,000,000 in fy22 to fund 3 to 6 awards. award budget application budgets are limited to no more than $500,000 per year in direct cost. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-AI-11-002,ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the phs398 application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niaid intends to commit $27.58 million in fy 2012 to fund 1 or 2 awards. award budget direct costs are limited to $19 million per year. award project period the total project period for an application submitted in response to this foa may not exceed seven years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-CA-20-027,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed resubmission new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. nci intends to commit $ 50 million total across the fiscal years (fys) 2021 and 2022 to fund up to 14 awards from both the rfa-ca-20-027 and rfa-c a -20-028 . award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-MH-20-520,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nih intends to fund an estimate of 4-6 awards for this and the companion foa , corresponding to a total of $2,000,000, for fiscal year 2020. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget direct costs are limited to $500,000 in any single year award project period the total project period for an application submitted in response to this funding opportunity may not exceed 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-MH-16-300,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the nimh intends to commit approximately $2,000,000 in fy 2016 to fund 3-6 awards across this foa and its companion. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the total project period for an application submitted in response to this foa may not exceed 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-OD-13-117,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih and fda staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the phs 398 application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nih, via support from the fda center for tobacco products (ctp), intends to fund one award, corresponding to a total of $2 million, for fiscal year 2014. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget applicants may request a budget (in total cost) up to $2 million per year. award project period applicants may request a project period up to five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-CA-20-039,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. nci intends to commit $6-8 million in fy 2020 to fund five to 10 awards. award budget application budgets are limited to $500,000 direct costs (exclusive of third-party facilities and administration [f&a] costs) and need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period 5 years nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-AI-08-005,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this foa will use the nih research project grant (r01) award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts (see sf424 (r&r) application guide ) . it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ) . specifically, a u.s. organization submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs) must use the phs398 modular budget component. u.s. applicants requesting more than $250,000 in annual direct costs and all foreign applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component. 2. funds available the niaid intends to commit approximately $4 million dollars (total costs) in fiscal year 2009 to fund 4-6 applications. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HL-09-003,section ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity will use the research project cooperative agreement (u01) award mechanism(s). in the cooperative agreement mechanism, the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) retains the primary responsibility and dominant role for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project, with nih staff being substantially involved as a partner with the principal investigator, as described under the section vi. 2. administrative requirements , "cooperative agreement terms and conditions of award." this is a one-time solicitation to fund the pediatric cardiac genomics consortium for 6 years. it is expected that at the end of the 6 years. nhlbi will evaluate progress and make a determination whether to renew this solicitation. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses non-modular budget formats described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). 2. funds available the total amount of funding that the nhlbi expects to award through this announcement is $25.440 million for a project period of 6 years. the anticipated number of awards is up to 6 research centers. the expected direct cost amount for individual awards to research centers will be up to $160,000 in year 1, and $535,000 in each of years 2-6. the estimated amount of funds available from the nih for support of up to 6 projects awarded as a result of this announcement is $1,440,000 for fiscal year 20 09 . future year amounts are expected to be commensurate with the commencement of recruitment into clinical protocols, but will depend on annual appropriations. the icrh intends to commit a maximum of approximately $1 million (cad) over a five year period toward meritorious grants from canadian institutions. icrh funds will be allocated toward direct costs of regional clinical center(s) located in canada. cihr funds will be directed to canadian researchers (please see the following link for complete description of eligibility requirements: http://www.cihr-irsc.gc.ca/e/22630.html#f1 ). canadian applicants need to consider that cihr 's contribution to the amount available for this initiative is subject to availability of funds voted annually to cihr by parliamentary appropriations, and the conditions that may be attached to them. icrhs contribution to this funding opportunity will follow the general guidelines for grant programs . applicants should review the use of grant funds section of the tri-agency ( cihr , nserc and sshrc ) financial administration guide for a complete listing and description of allowable costs and activities. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation, see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AR-17-001,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new renewal resubmission the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niams intends to commit $6 million in fy2017 to fund a maximum of four awards. the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. award budget application budgets are limited to $1m direct costs per year. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-CA-17-024,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed phase iib competing renewal (phase iib) resubmission (only for phase iib applications previously submitted in response to rfa-ca-15-010 or rfa-ca-16-008). the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) sbir/sttr application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. nci intends to commit $10,000,000 in fy2018 to fund up to 10 awards. award budget budgets up to $1,000,000 total costs per year may be requested. award project period project periods up to 3 years may be requested. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-CA-09-012,section ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity will use the nih specialized center cooperative agreement (u54) award mechanism. the project directors/principal investigators (pds/pis) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses non-modular budget formats described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). in the cooperative agreement mechanism, the multiple project director(s)/principal investigator(s) (pd/pi) retain the primary responsibility and dominant role for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project, with nih staff being substantially involved as a partner with the pds/pis, as described under the section vi. 2. administrative and national policy requirements , "cooperative agreement terms and conditions of award. awards made under this program will continue as cooperative agreements throughout the term of the award. 2. funds available nci has committed $20m - $27m dollars in total costs for fy 2010 for this funding opportunity. six to ten awards are anticipated to be made, depending on the availability of funds and the number of meritorious applications. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. applicants may request a project period of up to five years and a budget in total cost of up to $3.2 million per year because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the nci provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DA-20-019,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nida intends to commit $2.5 m in fy 2020 to fund up to 5 awards. award budget application direct costs are limited to $300,000 during each year of the r61 phase and $400,000 during each year of the r33 phase. award project period the total project period for a combined r61/r33 application submitted in response to this foa may not exceed five years, with no more than three years for the r61 phase and no more than two years for the r33 phase. the r61 and the r33 cannot be awarded in the same fiscal year. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-DE-09-001,section ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this foa will use the nih research project grant (r01) award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts (see sf424 (r&r) application guide ) . it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ) . specifically, a u.s. organization submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs) must use the phs398 modular budget component. u.s. applicants requesting more than $250,000 in annual direct costs and all foreign applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component. 2. funds available because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds. the nidcr intends to commit up to total $3.0 million in fiscal year 2009 to this foa and t he companion foa, rfa-de-09-002 (r21) the nidcr intends to fund 7-9 meritorious projects that are responsive to this foa and the companion foa, rfa-de-09-002 (r21) the total project period for an application submitted in response to this foa may not exceed 5 years. direct costs per year are expected to be in $350,000-400,000 range. this foa does not have a cap on the maximum allowable costs facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-MD-15-010,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nimhd intends to commit $10,000,000 in fy 2016 to fund 20 awards. award budget although the size of awards may vary with the scope of the project, direct costs are limited to $350,000 annually (excluding consortium facilities and administrative costs). award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-RM-13-013,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the phs 398 application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the nih common fund intends to commit approximately $10,000,000 in fy 2014. four to five (4-5) awards are anticipated in fiscal year 2014, contingent upon availability of funds and receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. award budget direct costs are limited to a maximum of $1.7m in each year. award project period the maximum project period is 6 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AG-18-019,ii. develop models of mobility limitations in older adults that differentiate aging from disease-related processes and that fully integrate central and peripheral nervous system and musculoskeletal contributions.
RFA-DK-21-501,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed revision the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s). need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards niddk intends to commit $1,500,000 in fy 2022, $1,500,000 in fy 2023 and $1,500,000 in fy 2024 to fund 1 award. award budget the application budget must not exceed $1,500,000 in direct costs per year, and should accurately reflect needs of the project. award project period the maximum project period is three years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-GM-10-009,ii. award information 1.mechanism of support this foa will use the nih research project grant (r01) award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts (see sf424 (r&r) application guide ) . it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ) . specifically, a u.s. organization must use the phs398 modular budget component. foreign applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component. 2. funds available nigms ($6 million, 18-22 awards), nci ($3 million, 9-11 awards), nia ($1 million, 2-3 awards), niaaa ($600,000, 2 awards), nidcr ($800,000, 2-3 awards), nida ($1 million, 3-4 awards), nimh ($3 million, 8-12 awards), ninds ($2 million, 6 awards), and nlm ($985,000, 3 awards) are participating in this initiative. support may be requested for up to $800,000 in direct costs (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs) over a four year period, prorated for shorter terms ($600,000 for three years, $400,000 for two years). regardless of the term of support, direct costs (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs) may not exceed $250,000 in any one year. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-RM-20-001,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nih intends to fund an estimate of 3-5 awards, corresponding to a total of $1.5 million, for fiscal year 2020. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget applications must not exceed $250,000 in direct costs per year during the ug3 phase and $400,000 in direct costs per year during the uh3 phase. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the proposed project period for the ug3 may not exceed 2 years and the uh3 phase may not exceed 2 years. the total duration of the ug3 and uh3 phases together may not exceed 4 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-RM-09-021,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this foa will use the nih exploratory/development (r21) mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts (see sf424 (r&r) application guide ) . it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ) . specifically, a u.s. organization submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs) must use the phs398 modular budget component. u.s. applicants requesting more than $250,000 in annual direct costs and all foreign applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component. 2. funds available the estimated amount of funds available for support of 2-5 projects awarded as a result of these announcements is $ 2.5 million for fiscal year 2010. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. it is expected that direct costs for awards will range from $100,000 to $150,000 per year. funds can be requested for up to two years only. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-GM-13-001,ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed. new resubmission from rfa-gm-12-001 only the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nigms intends to commit $2.5 million in fy 2013. approximately 5-7 awards are anticipated. award budget although the size of award will vary with the scope of the research proposed, budget requests should not exceed $250,000 (direct cost) per year except that in first year additional funds not to exceed $100k (direct cost) may be requested for exceptional equipment needed for highly specialized purposes (e.g., single molecule imaging microscope, germ-free mice incubator, etc.). award project period scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum award period is 5 years although most awards will be for 4 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-MH-20-340,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nimh intends to commit up to a total of $11,000,000 in fy20 to fund 1-2 awards under this foa. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-RR-11-002,ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the ncrr plans to commit $750,000/year. the number of awards will vary dependent upon the appropriation of funds and the number of meritorious applications, but may be up to 5 awards. award budget award budgets are composed of salary and other program-related expenses, as described below. award project period the total project period may not exceed 2 years. other award budget information salary nih will contribute a minimum of 25% up to a maximum of 50% of full-time support (3-6 person months effort) per year toward the salary of the career award recipient. the total salary requested must be based on a full-time staff appointment. the salary must be consistent both with the established salary structure at the institution and with salaries actually provided by the institution from its own funds to other staff members of equivalent qualifications, rank, and responsibilities in the department concerned. the sponsoring institution may supplement the nih salary contribution up to a level that is consistent with the institution's salary scale. however, supplementation may not be from federal funds unless specifically authorized by the federal program from which such funds are derived. in no case may phs funds be used for salary supplementation. institutional supplementation of salary must not require extra duties or responsibilities that would interfere with the purpose of the career award. other program-related expenses nih will contribute $50,000 per year toward the research development costs of the award recipient, which must be justified and consistent with the stage of development of the candidate and the proportion of time to be spent in research or career development activities. salary for mentors is not allowed. indirect costs indirect costs (also known as facilities & administrative [f&a] costs) are reimbursed at 8% of modified total direct costs. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DC-17-002,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new resubmission the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. nidcd intends to commit $1,500,000 in fy 2017 and $1,500,000 in fy 2018 to fund 3 awards per receipt date. award budget application budgets need to reflect the actual needs of the project and are limited to less than $500,000 direct costs/year. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HD-13-010,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement application types allowed new the oer glossary and the phs398 application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nichd and nhgri intend to commit an estimated total of $25,000,000. award budget application budgets should not exceed total costs of $1.25 million dollars per year, and must reflect actual needs of proposed research project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DK-18-012,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new renewal applications from rfa-dk-13-013. the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards niddk intends to commit $1,500,000 in fy 2019 to fund one award. award budget application budgets are limited to $1,200,000 direct costs per year. award project period the maximum project period for an application submitted in response to this funding opportunity is five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-HL-20-023,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new resubmission revision the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nhlbi intends to commit total costs of up to $3,800,000 per year in fy2020, fy2021, and fy2022. these funds are anticipated to fund up to 13 new awards per year in fiscal years 2020 through fy2022 for projects submitted to this foa and three companion funding opportunity announcements ( rfa-hl-20-024 , rfa-hl-20-027 , rfa-hl-20-028 ). the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. award budget application budgets must not exceed direct costs of $350,000 per year during the r61 phase and also must not exceed direct costs of $350,000 per year during the r33 phase. the total budget (federal award and non-federal matching contributions) should reflect the actual needs of the overall proposed project. annual project budgets should reflect the actual costs anticipated in each year. matching fund requirement : for the r33 portion of this award, the recipient is required to provide at least a 0.25:1 non-federal match of the federal direct costs requested. award project period the maximum project period of the combined r61 and r33 phases is three years, with up to 2 years for the r61 phase and up to 2 years for the r33 phase. the r61 and the r33 cannot be awarded in the same fiscal year. the scope of the proposed project should determine the requested project award period. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-DK-16-031,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the niddk intends to commit $3,680,000 in fy 2017 to fund three awards. award budget application budgets are limited to $750,000 in direct costs per year. award project period the project period for an application submitted in response to this funding opportunity may not exceed five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-CA-15-014,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new resubmission, but only of applications previously submitted to this foa. the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the nci intends to commit up to $12.6m each fiscal year from in fy 2016 through 2018 for new u54 awards. collectively, over the three application rounds, a total of 8-10 u54 awards is anticipated. award budget budget requests may not exceed $1.5m per year in direct costs. award project period project period of 5 years is required nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-ES-15-007,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new renewal resubmission revision the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niehs intends to fund an estimate of 4-6 awards, corresponding to a total of $7.5m, for fiscal year 2016. award budget application budgets are limited to $0.7m, $1.0m or $1.3m direct costs per year as determined by direct costs of nih awards in which an ehs cc member is designated as the pd/pi. award project period the project period is limited to 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AG-21-024,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new renewal resubmission the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nia intends to commit approximately $5.2 million to fund 5 competing awards in fy21 and approximately $1.3 million to fund 1 competing award in fy22. award budget annual direct costs are limited to $950,000. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-HL-12-004,section ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nhlbi/dbdr intends to commit approximately $5 million to this program to fund up to 10-12 new grants in fy 2012 and up to 10-12 additional new grants in fy 2013. award budget budgets for direct costs of up to $75,000 per year for a maximum of $150,000 direct costs over the two year period. award project period 2 years nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. section
RFA-DK-15-003,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity.. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niddk intends to commit $3 million in fy 2016 to fund up to 7 awards. the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. award budget application budgets are limited to $250,000 per year in direct costs (including administrative and translational cores, enrichment and pilot and feasibility funds) unless the applicant organization proposes to provide one or both of the two optional translational research cores described in the funding opportunity description section of the foa: 1) regional/national resource core may include up to $100,000 per year in direct costs beyond the $250,000 per year cap. 2) core to support underserved or health disparity populations may include up to $75,000 per year in direct costs beyond the $250,000 per year cap. these budget limits are exclusive of facilities and administrative costs on consortium and subcontract arrangements. it is anticipated that the award budget will be directly correlated to the breadth, quality and relevance to diabetes translation research and the research base being served by the center. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-MH-13-050,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the phs398 application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nimh intends to commit approximately $9,000,000 in fy 2013 to fund one new cooperative agreement in response to this foa. award budget an application may request up to $9,000,000 total cost per year. award project period the total project period may not exceed 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-MH-16-310,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the nimh intends to commit approximately $2,000,000 in fy 2016 to fund 3-6 awards across this foa and its companion. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the total project period for an application submitted in response to this foa may not exceed 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DA-08-025,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity announcement (foa) will use the r03 award mechanism. the applicant will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see the modular applications and awards section of the nih grants policy statement . specifically, if you are submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs), use the phs398 modular budget component provided in the sf424 (r&r) application package and sf424 (r&r) application guide (see specifically section 5.4, modular budget component, of the application guide). all foreign applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component found in the application package for this foa. see not-od-06-096 , august 23, 2006. 2. funds available because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the institutes and centers (ics) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. for the purpose of this rfa, the r03 mechanism is intended only for pilot, feasibility studies or small, self-contained studies that can be completed in a short period of time. for the r03, the project period is 2 years and direct costs of up to $125,000 for each of those years. the national institute on drug abuse intends to commit approximately $ 1.5 million dollars in fy20 08 to fund 4-6 applications for this announcement and its companion rfa (da-08-024) . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 , november 2, 2004. section
RFA-HL-16-010,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. nhlbi intends to commit up to total costs of $4,851,000 in fy 2016, $4,851,000 in fy 2017, $7,007,000 in fy 2018, $7,007,000 in fy 2019, $4,851,000 in fy 2020, and $4,851,000 in fy 2021 for this initiative to fund up to seven awards. award budget application budgets are limited to a maximum of $450,000 direct costs in fy2016, $450,000 direct costs in fy2017, $650,000 direct costs in fy2018, $650,000 direct costs in fy2019, $450,000 direct costs in fy2020, and $450,000 direct costs in fy2021 including any subcontract direct costs. application budgets should reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. grants awarded under this foa will be excluded from automatic carryover. all carryover requests must be reviewed and approved. award project period the maximum project period is six years. grants awarded under this foa will not be provided the authority to automatically extend the final budget period one time for up to 12 months beyond the original expiration date shown in the notice of award. all extensions, including the first extension, will require nhlbi prior approval. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AR-21-008,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new renewal resubmission the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. nih intends to fund an estimate of 1 award, corresponding to a total of $1,600,000, for fiscal year 2021. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget applicants may request up to $1,000,000 direct costs/year (exclusive of facilities and administrative costs of subcontractors with collaborating organizations). award project period applications may request up to four years of support. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-AI-21-017,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials. need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards niaid intends to commit $4.0 million in fy 2022 to fund 4-6 awards. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-HG-18-001,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new renewal resubmission the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nhgri intends to commit $1,500,000 in fy19, 20 and 21 to fund 2-4 awards yearly. the actual number of awards and amount are contingent on nih appropriations, and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. . award budget an applicant may request direct costs of up to $700,000 per year. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 4 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-ES-13-010,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. the niehs intends to fund an estimate of 6-8 awards, corresponding to a total of $1.5m, for fiscal year 2014. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget application budgets are limited to $150,000 direct costs per year. award project period applicants may request up to four years of funding. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-NR-12-004,section ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the national institute of nursing research intends to commit an estimated total of $2.1 million, for up to 6 awards, split between this foa and the parallel foa of identical scientific scope, rfa-nr-12-005 (r21). award budget application budgets are limited to $300,000 direct costs in any year not including f&a costs. award project period the total project period for an application submitted in response to this funding opportunity may not exceed 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-NS-18-012,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new (fast-track) resubmission (fast-track) revision (fast-track) the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) sbir/sttr application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? required: only accepting applications that propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. ninds anticipates funding 3-5 awards per fiscal year for $4,000,000. award budget applicants should rarely exceed $1,000,000 in total costs per year during the sbir phase i and $1,500,000 in total costs per year during the sbir phase ii. award project period durations up to 2 years for sbir phase i and up to 3 years for sbir phase ii may be requested. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-EB-15-001,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new (phase i, fast-track) renewal (phase ii) resubmission (all phases) only for eligible unfunded applications from the previous foas: rfa-eb-14-001, rfa-eb-13-002 , rfa-eb-12-001 , and rfa-eb-11-001 the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) sbir/sttr application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the following nih components intend to commit the following amounts in fy 2016: nibib, $1 million, 3-5 awards nimhd, $1 million, 3-5 awards award budget budgets up to $200,000 total costs per year for phase i and up to $400,000 total costs per year for phase ii may be requested. award project period durations up to 2 years for phase i and up to 3 years for phase ii may be requested. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AT-19-002,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards issuing ic and partner components intend to commit an estimated total of $900,000 to fund one award. award budget application budgets are limited to $600,000 in direct costs, but must reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period support may be requested for up to five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-DK-13-506,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niddk intends to commit a total of $2.0 million for one award in fy 2014 to the data coordinating center. approximately $750,000 will be for the data coordinating center activities and $1,250,000 for pilot and feasibility studies. an additional $500,000 will be awarded in subsequent years for this project. award budget the total award will be $2.0 million. total costs for year one will be up to $750,000 for the data coordinating center. direct costs are limited to $60,000 for each pilot and feasibility study. application budgets need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-RM-08-025,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity will use the nih- specialized center-cooperative agreement (u54) award mechanism(s). the pr oject director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses non-modular budget formats described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). this funding opportunity will use a cooperative agreement award mechanism. in the cooperative agreement mechanism, the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) retains the primary responsibility and dominant role for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project, with nih staff being substantially involved as a partner with the principal investigator, as described under the section vi. 2. administrative requirements , "cooperative agreement terms and conditions of award". at this time, the nih does not intend to continue this project beyond this four-year funding period (fy2009 fy2012). a fundamental objective of the nih roadmap (rm) for promis has been to develop new methodologies to evaluate patient-reported outcomes (pros) as part of the efforts in re-engineering the clinical research enterprise. the role of the nih roadmap in this effort has been to provide the incubator space for this major initiative to develop and mature, and it has been appropriate, therefore, to provide the initial funding for the growth of pros capability through the common fund from which roadmap projects have been supported. nih is committed to ensuring that the federal investment in the development of promis will result in improvements in clinical trial methodologies and ultimately improvements in public health. nih would like to be engaged in an ongoing public-private partnership (ppp) in order to ensure that the nih stewardship of the public health trust related to patient-reported outcome (pro) measures continues beyond the scope of the current solicitation. one means to accomplish that end is via the formation of a ppp. ppps can be initiated by nih and/or awardee institutions. nih has the following goals with respect to the development of a ppp: a) to ensure the exceptional scientific quality of the research and maintain the clinical relevance of the promis work; b) to ensure that broad interest continues to drive the promis activity through a representative governance structure including communities such as nih, other federal agencies, academia, clinicians, industry, and patient groups; c) to leverage the nih roadmap investment in promis both during and beyond the second funding phase with additional support and resources from other sectors; and d) to ensure that all promis resources remain widely accessible and at minimal cost to advance clinical research and practice. 2. funds available the nih roadmap intends to commit approximately $600,000 in fy2009 to fund one new grant application in response to this foa. an applicant may request a project period for four (4) years and a budget for direct costs up to $400,000 per year. the earliest anticipated start date for awards under this funding opportunity is september 1, 2009. the estimated amount of funds available for support of one project awarded as a result of this announcement is $ 600,000 for fiscal year 20 09 . future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation, see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. section
RFA-AI-12-027,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement application types allowed new the oer glossary and the phs398 application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niaid intends to commit $13 million in fy 2013 to fund 4 awards. award budget application budgets are not limited, but need to reflect actual needs of the proposed project. award project period scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-GM-09-005,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this foa will use the nih research project grant (r01) award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts (see sf424 (r&r) application guide ) . it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ) . specifically, a u.s. organization submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs) must use the phs398 modular budget component. u.s. applicants requesting more than $250,000 in annual direct costs and all foreign applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component. 2. funds available the nigms expects to award $2 million (total costs) through this funding opportunity. the nigms expects to make 5 to 6 awards through this funding opportunity. direct costs are limited to a maximum of $250,000 per year and the total project period for an application submitted in response to this funding opportunity may not exceed four years. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HL-14-008,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. nhlbi intends to fund up to four awards for this entire program, with an estimated cumulative total cost of $15.8 million over a five year period. see foa rfa-hl-14-007 for the budget of the molecular atlas of the lung-human tissue core, one award, and foa rfa-hl-14-009 for the budget of the molecular atlas of the lung-data coordinating center, one award. award budget application budgets are limited to a maximum of $475,000 direct cost for the first year and a maximum of $500,000 direct cost in each of the subsequent years. budgets need to reflect actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the total project period for an application submitted in response to this funding opportunity may not exceed 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AI-16-007,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niaid intends to commit $5.58 million in fy 2017 to fund three to five awards, including awards made under the companion foa ( rfa-ai-16-008 ) for u19 applications and includes total costs of $350,000 annually to support an infrastructure and opportunities fund. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. as a guideline, the approximate average direct costs per nhpcsg u01 award in the current funding year is $0.5 million, excluding the infrastructure and opportunities fund budget. applicants may have valid requirements for exceeding this amount and are encouraged to discuss such requirements with the scientific/research contact listed in section vii.1 below. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-NR-07-004,ii. award information 1. mechanism(s) of support this funding opportunity will use the p20 award mechanism. as an applicant, you will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this funding opportunity uses the just-in-time budget concepts. it also uses the non-modular budget format described in the phs 398 application instructions (see https://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). a detailed categorical budget for the "initial budget period" and the "entire proposed period of support" is to be submitted with the application. this foa is a one-time research opportunity. successful applications are not renewable. there are no plans to reissue this foa. support will be available for up to 5 years only. 2. funds available it is anticipated that $2.0 million/year for 5 years will be available to support scientifically meritorious applications responding to this p20 foa and the companion p30 foa (rfa-nr-07-005). it is anticipated that support will be provided for up to 2-3 new p20 centers for building the research teams of the future. individual p20 awards are expected to be $200,000 to $250,000 per year in direct cost; $300,000 is the maximum amount that may be requested in total costs (i.e., direct plus f&a) per year. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation, see not-od-05-004 . section
RFA-EY-12-001,section ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nei appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. nei anticipates committing $2m in fy 2013. award budget applicants may request up to $250,000 annual direct costs. application budgets need to reflect actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the application should determine the project period. the maximum period is five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AA-13-001,section ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the phs398 application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niaaa intends to commit approximately $6.5 million in fy2014 to fund up to 4 center applications in response to both this foa and its companion foa (rfaaa-13-002). award budget a p50 center may not exceed $1.8 million in total costs per year. award project period applicants may request a project period of up to five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AG-12-013,section ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new the oer glossary and the phs398 application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nia intends to commit $560,000 in fy 2012. award budget application budgets are not limited, but need to reflect actual needs of the proposed project. award project period scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum period is five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-MH-17-255,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new resubmission revision the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards issuing ic and partner components intend to commit an estimated total of $3 million to fund 3-5 awards in both fy17 and fy18. it is expected that costs will be substantially higher after the first year of these awards award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-RM-18-035,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the office of strategic coordination (common fund) intends to commit $1m in fy19 (planning year), $2.5m in fy20, $2.5m in fy21 and 0.5m in fy22 to fund one award. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period projects cannot exceed four years including the fy19 planning year. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-AG-19-001,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. nih intends to commit $16 million in fy 2019 to fund an estimate of 5-7 awards. award budget applications may request a budget of up to $2 million in direct costs per year. . award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-NS-12-009,section ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the phs398 application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations, and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. the ninds intends to fund up to 2 awards, corresponding to a total of $4,500,000, for fiscal year 2012. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget the maximum allowable direct cost per year is $1,500,000 (exclusive of facilities and administrative costs of subcontracts with collaborating institutions). requested budgets should reflect actual needs of the proposed center. award project period an award period of up to 5 years may be proposed. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-NS-18-003,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nih blueprint for neuroscience research intends to fund up to 20 awards, corresponding to a total of $ 6 million, for fiscal year 2018, for this and the related foa (rfa-ns-18-004) "human studies of target identification, biomarkers and disease mechanisms specific to cns small blood and lymphatic vessels". future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget application budgets are limited to $400,000 direct costs/year and need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DK-20-028,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials. need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards niddk intends to commit $14,660,000 in fy 2022 to support four related funding opportunities, rfa-dk-20-026 , rfa-dk-20-027 , rfa-dk-20-028 and rfa-dk-20-029 . we expect to award 7-8 tissue interrogation sites under this funding opportunity announcement. award budget the direct costs for each u01 award are expected to be approximately $400,000 per year. application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-MD-12-007,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement application types allowed new the oer glossary and the phs398 application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nimhd intends to commit $3,000,000 in fy 2012. award budget application budgets are limited to $1,500,000 in total costs during the planning phase and $3,000,000 per year in total costs during the implementation phase. award project period the award project period is five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-MH-21-187,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s). need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the national institute of mental health and partner components intend to commit an estimated total of $2.5m in fy 2022 to fund up to 4 awards in response to this foa and the companion r34 foa. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-DA-20-015,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nida intends to commit $2m in fy 2020 to fund up to 4 awards. award budget application budgets are expected not to exceed $500,000 per year per each award in direct costs. award project period the maximum project period is 3 years nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-HD-16-036,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nichd intends to commit $2,000,000 in fy 2016 to fund 1-3 awards. award budget application budgets are limited to no more than $500,000 in direct costs per year. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AG-21-008,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the following nih components intend to commit $6 million in fy 2021, all contributing to one award, broken out as follows: national institute on aging (nia): $4 million national institute on minority and health disparities (nimhd): $500,000 national institute on drug abuse (nida): $150,000 office of behavioral and social sciences research (obssr): $250,000 eunice kennedy shriver national institute of health and human development (nichd): $1 million nih office of disease prevention (odp): $100,000 nia has also approved submission of an alzheimers disease and related dementias (ad/adrd)-focused application with total costs less than $2,000,000 in fy 2021 to support the integration of ad/adrd elements into add health wave 6. award budget no more than $4.5 million in direct costs may be requested in any single year. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-NS-11-010,section ii. award information funding instrument this foa will use the nih u01 research project cooperative agreement award mechanism (u01). in the cooperative agreement mechanism, the pd(s)/pi(s) retain(s) the primary responsibility and dominant role for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project, with nih staff being substantially involved as a partner with the pd(s)/pi(s), as described under the section vi.2. administrative requirements, "cooperative agreement terms and conditions of award". application types allowed new the oer glossary and the phs398 application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the total amount of funding that ninds expects to award through this announcement is up to $13.2 million. the anticipated number of awards is one (1). although the financial plans of the ic provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds. award budget the expected direct cost amount for individual awards is up to $1.25 million annually for 7 years. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. award project period this is a one-time solicitation to fund the network for 7 years. plans beyond the current funding period are undetermined. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. section
RFA-AG-17-053,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nia intends to commit $6 million in fy 2017 to fund 7-9 awards. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-RM-16-025,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the nih intends to commit $500,000 total costs in fy 2018 to fund 1 award. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 6 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HG-20-047,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nhgri intends to commit $2.5m total costs in fy21 and $5m total costs per year in fy22-fy25 to fund 6-8 awards. the actual amount is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. award budget application budgets must reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. application budgets are limited to $275k direct costs per year in fy21 and $550k direct costs per year in fy22-fy25. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-ES-18-005,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards niehs intends to commit $3 million in fy 2019 to fund 6-8 awards. award budget application budgets are limited to $400,000 direct costs per year, and should reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-MH-20-351,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new resubmission revision the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nimh intends to commit $4.5 million in fy 2020 and in fy 2021 to fund 5 or more awards across the r21 funding opportunity and r01 companion funding opportunity. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget the combined budget for direct costs for the two-year project period may not exceed $275,000. no more than $200,000 may be requested in any single year. award project period the maximum project period is 2 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-DA-18-019,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nida intends to commit $2m in each fiscal year to fund 2-3 awards each year. award budget application budgets are limited to $500,000 in direct costs per year. award project period the maximum period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-DA-10-011,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this foa will use the nih exploratory/developmental research grant (r21) award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts (see sf424 (r&r) application guide ) . it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ) . specifically, a u.s. organization submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs) must use the phs398 modular budget component. u.s. applicants requesting more than $250,000 in annual direct costs and all foreign applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component. 2. funds available the national institute on drug abuse (nida) intends to commit approximately $2.5 million dollars in fiscal year 2010 to fund eligible grant applications for this announcement and its companion foa ( rfa-da-10-010 ). it is anticipated that a total of 2-4 r01s and 4-6 r21s could be awarded. the total project period for an application submitted in response to this funding opportunity may not exceed three years. direct costs of up to $200,000 per year may be requested, for a maximum of $600,000 direct costs over a three year project period. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DK-16-507,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niddk intends to commit $4.3 million to fund one scientific data research center and up to six clinical centers under this foa and rfa-dk-16-010 , respectively. award budget the application budget is limited to $1,000,000 in direct costs per year and should reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HG-21-006,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new resubmission the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nhgri intends to commit $2,000,000 in fy22, 23 and 24 to fund 2-5 r01 and r21 awards yearly from rfa-hg-21-006 and rfa-hg-21-007. the actual number of awards and amount are contingent on nih appropriations, and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. award budget an applicant may request direct costs of up to $700,000 per year. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 4 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-RM-18-018,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the nih common fund (office of strategic coordination) intends to commit up to $2.0m for fy 2019, $5m for fy 2020 - 2022, and $1.5m for fy 2023 for one award, contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. award budget application budgets should not exceed $1.25m in direct costs in fy 2019, $3.25m in direct costs in fy 2020 - 2022 and $1.0m in direct costs in fy 2023 and need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the maximum project period for this foa is 5 years (fy2019 - 2023). nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-DK-21-015,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new renewal resubmissions under rfa-dk-19-002 : nutrition obesity research centers (norcs) (p30 clinical trial optional) the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s). need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards niddk intends to commit $3,600,000 in fy 2022 to fund up to 3 awards depending on availability of funds. award budget application budgets are limited to $750,000 direct costs per year but need to reflect actual needs of the proposed center. this budget limit is exclusive of f&a costs for consortium and subcontract arrangements. it is anticipated that the award budget will be directly correlated to the breadth, quality, and relevance to nutrition/obesity and related areas of the research base being served by the center. within the direct cost cap, up to $150,000 per year may be requested for the pilot and feasibility program. award project period the total project period for an application submitted in response to this funding opportunity may not exceed five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-DK-21-006,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s). need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the niddk intends to commit $3,000,000 in fy 2022 to fund 4-7 awards. the number of awards is contingent upon availability of funds and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. award budget application budget is limited $ 500,000 direct costs per year. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-LM-08-001,section ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity will use the p41 award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses non-modular budget formats described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). 2. funds available the estimated amount of funds available for support is approximately $2,400,000 for 2 or 3 projects. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. direct costs for the first year may not exceed 5% above the current award of the active year of nlm funding at the time of application, or a maximum of $500,000, whichever is smaller. applicants may include cost-of-living increases of up to 3% per year for direct costs in future years. this foa supports only renewal applications from organizations that currently receive nlm grant funding for biomedical informatics /bioinformatics resource projects. because the nature and scope of the proposed research resource will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation, see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DK-21-503,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials. need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards niddk intends to commit up to $6.5 million in fiscal year 2022 to support the continuation of edic under rfa-dk-21-503. it is expected that one award will be made for the research center under this foa. award budget the application budget is limited to $6.3 million per year in direct costs for the entire project period. budgets should reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-HL-13-017,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the phs398 application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations, and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. up to 8 cccs and 3 clinical research skills program awards will be funded under this foa. the total amount of funding (direct and indirect costs) that will be available through this announcement is up to $21,700,000 over a five-year period to support the ctsn. the following nih components intend to commit the following amounts in fy2013: nhlbi: $4,040,000 (total costs) icrh intends to commit a maximum of $300,000 toward a meritorious application from a canadian institution. icrh will consider allocating funding toward both protocol costs and a clinical research skills development program. applicants who wish to have their projects considered for funding by icrh should include with their application a letter stating that their application and summary statement may be shared with icrh. award budget each ccc may request annual direct costs up to $250,000. cccs proposing a clinical research skills development program may budget an additional $100,000 direct costs per year. award project period five years nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HG-17-010,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nhgri intends to commit up to $645k direct costs in fy18 to support this foa. we expect that 1 award will be supported under this foa. award budget application budgets are limited to $645k direct costs per year for years 1-5. award project period the project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HD-10-015,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity will use the nih cooperative research project grant (u01) award mechanism(s). the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses non-modular budget formats described in the phs 398 application instructions (see https://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). this funding opportunity will use a cooperative agreement award mechanism. in the cooperative agreement mechanism, the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) retains the primary responsibility and dominant role for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project, with nih staff being substantially involved as a partner with the principal investigator, as described under the section vi. 2. administrative requirements , "cooperative agreement terms and conditions of award". 2. funds available nichd intends to commit an approximate minimum of $22.5 million, nida intends to commit $1 million, and nimh intends to commit $1 million in total costs [direct costs plus facilities and administrative (f & a) costs] in fy 2011 to support 17 to 19 new and/or competing continuation grants in response to this foa. an applicant for the atn coordinating center (acc) may request a project period of up to five years and budget for direct costs of up to $5 million per year. an applicant for the atn data and operations center (doc) may request a project period of up to five years and budget for direct costs of up to $2 million per year. an applicant for a re-competing atn trials unit may request a project period of up to five years and a core budget limited to support salary plus benefits for the pi (up to 25% effort), 2 study coordinators and 1 community coordinator to maintain the infrastructure required to perform multiple protocols. a new applicant for an atn trials unit may request a project period of up to five years and core budget limited to support salary plus benefits for the pi (up to 25% effort) and 2 study coordinators to establish the infrastructure required to perform multiple protocols. future year budgets may be escalated at three percent for recurring costs. funds to support actual protocol accrual will be managed and distributed by the adolescent medicine data and operations center (doc) to each participating atn trials unit as a fee-for-service arrangement after a protocol has been approved by the atn and the nichd has approved the funds for distribution. requests for protocol funds should not be included in the application, but will be negotiated at a later date. because the nature and scope of the proposed research activities will vary from site application to site application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the nichd, nida, and nimh provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this foa are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation, see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. section
RFA-DA-20-028,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? required: only accepting applications that propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nida intends to commit $4m in fy 2020 to fund 2-3 awards. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-DA-16-004,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nida intends to commit $2m in fy2016 to fund 7-9 awards. the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. award budget application budgets may not exceed $125,000 per year in direct costs for the r21 phase. applications may not exceed $250,000 per year in direct costs for the r33 phase. award project period the r21 phase may not exceed two years, while the r33 phase may not exceed 3 years. the total project period may not exceed 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HG-15-001,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. nhgri intends to commit $60m total costs in fy 2016 to fund 2-5 awards. award budget application budgets are limited to $40m total costs per year but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the maximum project period is 4 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DK-09-007,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity will use the nih core center (p30) award mechanism(s). the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses non-modular budget formats described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). 2. funds available the niddk intends to commit up to $4.25 million in 2010 for up to 4 new or competing awards. an applicant may request a project period of up to five years and a budget for direct costs of up to $750,000 per year. the estimated amount of funds available for support of up to 4 projects awarded as a result of this announcement is $ 4.25 million for fiscal year 20 10 . future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation, see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. section
RFA-HG-19-004,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the national human genome research institute intends to commit $2,500,000 in fy 2019 to fund one award. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-DK-15-025,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niddk intends to commit approximately $15 million to fund approximately 4 to 5 awards in fiscal year 2016. award budget the application budget is limited to a maximum of $600,000 in direct costs each year excluding subcontracts f&a, but budgets are expected to vary widely depending on the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-RR-10-010,section ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new the oer glossary and the phs398 application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards ncrr intends to commit $600,000 for 1 award in fy 2012. award budget application budgets are not limited, but need to reflect actual needs of proposed project. award project period the total project period for an application submitted in response to this funding opportunity may not exceed 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. section
RFA-DA-15-011,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nida intends to commit $2 million in fy2015 to fund a combined total of 6-9 r21 and r01 awards. award budget application budgets are limited to a maximum of $350,000 per year direct costs and must reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-MD-13-004,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the phs 398 application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nimhd anticipates committing up to $3,000,000 in fy 2013 to fund up to two awards, contingent on availability of funds and receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications.. award budget application budgets are limited to $1,500,000 in total costs during the 1st year (planning phase) and $3,000,000 per year in total costs for years 2-5 (implementation phase). award project period the maximum project period is five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DE-19-002,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? required: only accepting applications that propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the nidcr intends to commit up to approximately $2,200,000 in \ in fy2019 to fund one award. award budget application budgets must reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the maximum project period is seven years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-AI-11-031,ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the phs398 application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niaid intends to commit $6.0 million dollars in fy 2012for 1-3 awards. award budget the ipcp-htm program application must consist of 2 projects and an administrative core to support the preclinical development of a single or combination microbicide candidate at a total direct base cost limit of $0.8 million (range $0.5 to $0.8 million). applications may request additional funding to support research in any or all of the following areas of interest: an additional $0.3 million (range $0.2 to $0.3 million) may be requested for applications using non-human primates and/or humanized mouse models for assessment of in vivo safety and/or efficacy of a microbicide candidate or strategy. up to $0.6 million (range $0.2 to $0.6 million) may be requested for applications incorporating an exploratory pre-phase i clinical trial(s). up to $0.3 million (range $0.2 to $0.3 million) may be requested for applications incorporating behavioral studies of microbicide acceptability, adherence and use as either a standalone project or for incorporating these studies into a proposed pre-phase i clinical trial(s). support for a total of 3 years during the 4 or 5 year duration of award may be requested for an ind-enabling critical path project with a maximum direct cost per year of $0.8 million (range $0.4 to $0.8 million). the monies identified for support of this activity may not be used for these types of activities when they are incorporated into another project or core. the total direct cost requested for the ipcp-htm application (base plus combination of 1-4 above) may not exceed $2.8 million. with program officer approval applicants may propose to exceed the individual direct cost cap within the research areas listed above. however, the allowed total direct cost still remains $2.8. award project period an applicant may request a project period of up to 4 years for an application that does not include a pre-phase i clinical trial, and up to 5 years for an application that includes a pre-phase i clinical trial. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-OD-19-013,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new renewal resubmission the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the issuing ic and partner components intend to commit an estimated total of $7.5 million to fund 5 awards. award budget applicants may submit a budget for direct cost of up to $1.0 million per year for five years. award project period the total project period for an application submitted in response to this foa may not exceed 5 years nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-DK-18-004,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the niddk intends to commit up to $2.5 million to fund 3-6 awards in fy 2018. the number of awards is contingent upon availability of funds and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. award budget application budget is limited to $500,000 direct costs per year. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 4 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-HD-04-023,section ii. award information 1. mechanism(s) of support this funding opportunity will use the nih cooperative clinical research (u10) award mechanism(s). as an applicant, you will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. the anticipated award date is april 01, 2006. the nih (u10) is a cooperative agreement award mechanism. in the cooperative agreement mechanism, the principal investigator retains the primary responsibility and dominant role for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project, with nih staff being substantially involved as a partner with the principal investigator, as described under the section vi. 2. administrative requirements , "cooperative agreement terms and conditions of award". 2. funds available the nichd intends to commit approximately $10.3 million in total costs [direct plus facilities and administrative (f & a) costs] in fy 2006 to fund 13 to 16 new and/or competing continuation grants in response to this rfa. an applicant may request a project period of up to five years and a budget for direct costs up to $180,000 per year. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the nichd provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. at this time, it is not known if this rfa will be reissued. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation, see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/guide/notice-files/not-od-05-004.html .
RFA-ES-12-009,section ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niehs intends to commit $2 million in fy 2013 and expects to fund 6-7 awards. award budget applicants may request up to $200,000 in direct costs per year. award project period scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 3 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-MH-09-021,section ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity will use the nih exploratory/developmental phased innovation grant (r21/r33) award mechanisms. applicants must apply for the combined r21 and r33 award. applicants using only the r21 mechanism or only the r33 mechanism will not be considered. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts (see sf424 (r&r) application guide ). it also uses the non-modular budget format. all applicants must complete and submit budget request using the research and related (r&r) budget component. modular budgets are not permitted for this foa. foreign applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component. 2. funds available the nimh intends to commit approximately $2,500,000 in total costs for fy09 to support four to eight grants in response to this foa and the companion r34 foa. the combined r21/r33 award is limited to five years in duration. the r21 phase may not exceed 2 years. the r33 phase may not exceed 3 years. for the r21 phase of the application, direct costs are limited to a maximum of $275,000, with a ceiling on direct costs of $150,000 for any single year. for the r33 phase of the application, direct costs must be limited to $450,000, with no more than $225,000 in any single year. the award of r33 funds will be based on program priorities, on the availability of funds, and on successful completion of negotiated scientific milestones as determined by nih staff in the context of peer review recommendations. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic provides support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AG-17-064,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nia intends to commit $3,000,000 in fy 2017 to fund approximately 3-4 awards. the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DK-18-503,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed renewal of applications from rfa-dk-12-014 the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards niddk has set aside $4,600,000 for the curegn network renewal in fy2019. of this set aside, niddk intends to commit up to $3,800,000 in fy2019 to fund 4 pccs. the number and amounts of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications . award budget budgets should not exceed $750,000 in direct costs for the first year. application budgets should accurately reflect needs for the pcc based on enrollment progress and expected retention in the next competitive phase. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size of each award will also vary. award project period the total project period for an application submitted in response to this funding opportunity may not exceed five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-HD-15-010,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the nichd, ninds, and nibib intend to commit an estimated total of $7,200,000 in fiscal year 2015 to fund six to eight awards, depending on the number of meritorious applications received and the relevance to the respective missions of the participating nih institutes. award budget applicants may request direct costs up to $750,000 per year. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-RM-14-009,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the total amount of funds available is $4 million per year. it is anticipated that 6 - 10 projects will be supported. although the financial plans of the nih provides support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the total award period requested for this foa may not exceed five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-NS-18-041,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new resubmission revision the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards issuing ic and partner components intend to issue 8-10 awards in 2019. awards issued under this foa are part of funds set aside to support the heal (helping to end addiction long-term) initiative. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. as mentioned in not-od-18-181, any for-profit recipient of funds shall be subject to a matching requirement of funds or documented in-kind contributions of not less than 50 percent of the total funds awarded to such entity. award project period the r61 phase can be from 1-3 years and the r33 phase can be 1-2 years, with a total project duration of no more than 5 years nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-AI-17-039,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards niaid intends to commit $3.8 million in fy 2019 to fund 3 to 5 awards. award budget application budgets for studies proposing to use non-human primates are capped at $850,000 (direct costs) per year. application budgets for all other applications are capped at $500,000 (direct costs) per year. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-NS-19-030,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards ninds intends to commit $1,250,000 in direct costs per year to fund one award. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-MH-13-020,section ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed revision r01 applications from investigators with active r01 research project awards issued by nimh the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the nimh and orwh intend to commit approximately $3,700,000 in fy 2013 to fund up to 10 grants in response to this foa and the companion announcements. award budget application budgets are not limited, but need to reflect actual needs of the proposed project. applicants must submit a budget using the same budget format as was used for the parent award. award project period the total project period for an application submitted in response to this foa may not exceed two years. applicants may request support for up to 2 years, not to exceed the remaining number of years on the parent grant. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AI-12-038,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the following nih components intend to commit the following amounts in fy2014: niaid, $4 million, 8-10 awards nia, $2 million, 4-5 awards award budget direct costs for each application are expected to be $300,000 or less per year, plus appropriate f&a costs. budgets should be commensurate with the proposed studies and adequately justified. award project period scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DK-20-506,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? required: only accepting applications that propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards niddk intends to commit $2 million in fy 2021 to fund 4 awards. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget application budgets are limited to $400,000 direct costs per year. award project period the maximum project period is 3 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-OD-15-004,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new resubmission the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. nih, via support from the fda center for tobacco products (ctp), intends to fund approximately 10 awards in fy 2016, corresponding to a total cost of $1.5 million for fy 2016. award budget application budgets are limited to $75,000 in direct costs per year. award project period grants awarded to this foa will be up to two years in length. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AG-13-006,section ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new resubmission the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nia intends to commit $1.5 million in fy 2013 for approximately 18-20 awards. award budget application budgets are limited to $50,000 in direct costs per year. award project period project period is limited to 2 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AG-20-019,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new renewal resubmission the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nia intends to commit approximately $6.6 million in fy 2020 to fund 5 awards. award budget annual direct costs are limited to $950,000. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-RM-16-015,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the nih common fund and partner components intend to commit up to $2m per year for fy17-21 to fund 4-8 awards. the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications award budget application budgets need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project and are limited to $250,000 total costs per year which includes salaries, supplies, equipment, travel, and other allowed expenses for research grants. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-ES-14-004,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niehs intends to commit $700,000 in fy 2015 to fund 5-6 awards. award budget application budgets may not exceed $100,000 in direct costs annually and need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. other award budget information personnel costs individuals designing, directing, and implementing the research education program may request salary and fringe benefits appropriate for the person months devoted to the program. salaries requested may not exceed the levels commensurate with the institution's policy for similar positions and may not exceed the congressionally mandated cap. (if mentoring interactions and other activities with participants are considered a regular part of an individual's academic duties, then any costs associated with the mentoring and other interactions with participants are not allowable costs from grant funds). limited administrative and clerical compensation costs associated distinctly with the program that are not normally provided by the applicant organization may be direct charges to the grant only when specifically identified and justified. salary support for the pd/pi (or combination of multiple pds/pis) is limited to up to 1 person month during the academic year and 1 person month in the summer, depending on person months devoted to the administration of the program. program coordinators are allowed as long as their role is clearly defined and significantly different from the roles of the pds/pis. all personnel costs (including program director and administrative and clerical costs) associated with directing, coordinating, and administering the program are not expected to exceed 15% of the total direct costs of the overall r25 program. participant costs participants' are the undergraduate students who benefit from the proposed research education program. allowable participant costs depend on the educational level/career status of the individuals to be selected to participate in the program, and the duration of the summer experience. salary support is allowed for junior and senior level undergraduate students participating in a research experience, as long as there is an employee-employer relationship between the students and the institution. the total compensation must be reasonable and commensurate with the institutions support scale for the work performed provided the following criteria are met: (a) it is the institutions practice to provide compensation for all students in a similar circumstance regardless of the support for the activity, (b) the undergraduate student is not supported for more than 15 hours/week during the academic year and not more than 40 hours/week during the summer, and (c) student participation in the specific development activity is not a curriculum requirement for graduation. a justification must be provided if the request for undergraduates is more than $10 per hour. because the r25 program is not intended as a substitute for an nrsa institutional training program (e.g., t32), costs to support full-time participants (supported for 40 hours/week for a continuous, 12-month period) are not allowable. other program-related expenses consultant costs, equipment, supplies, travel for key persons, and other program-related expenses may be included in the proposed budget. these expenses must be justified as specifically required by the proposed program and must not duplicate items generally available at the applicant institution. up to $3000 per participant may be requested for education related expenses directly for the benefit of the participant, including research costs and participants travel expenses to scientific meetings to present their research projects. however, note that funds may not be expended to cover the costs of travel between the participants place of residence and the grantee institution, except that the sponsoring institution may authorize the cost of a travel allowance in an individual case of extreme hardship. equipment and room & board are not an allowable cost for this program. other program-related expenses must be justified as required by the proposed niehs up program and must not duplicate items generally available for educational programs at the applicant institution. indirect costs indirect costs (also known as facilities & administrative [f&a] costs) are reimbursed at 8% of modified total direct costs (exclusive of tuition and fees and expenditures for equipment), rather than on the basis of a negotiated rate agreement. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-NS-22-009,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new renewal - only of applications under rfa-ns-17-012 the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? required: only accepting applications that propose clinical trial(s). need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards ninds intends to commit an estimated total of $7,500,000 to fund up to 5 awards. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. up to $1,000,000 direct costs (dc) per year may be budgeted. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-RM-18-014,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the nih common fund (office of strategic coordination) intends to commit $2.5m in fy 2019 - 2020 and $4.5 m in fy 2021-2023 to fund up to two awards, contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. award budget application budgets must not exceed $750,000 direct costs per year in fy 2019 and fy 2020 and $1.4m direct costs per year in fy 2021, fy 2022, and fy 2023 and need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-HL-10-001,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity will use the p20 exploratory grant mechanism . the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses non-modular budget formats described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). 2. funds available the total amount of funding that the nhlbi expects to award through this announcement is $9 million total costs per year for fiscal year 2010 and 2011. the anticipated number of awards is up to 12 grants. the expected direct cost amount for individual awards will be up to $499,999 direct costs per year for no more than two years. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the nhlbi provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation; see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. section
RFA-AI-14-064,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niaid intends to commit $8 million in fy 2016 to fund up to 5 awards. award budget budgets for total costs of up to $2 million per year may be requested. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-CA-20-005,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new resubmission resubmission applies only to applications originally submitted in response to this foa the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. nci intends commit $3.0 million in fy2021 to fund approximately 8-12 awards. award budget direct costs are limited to $275,000 over a two-year period, with no more than $200,000 in direct costs allowed in any single year. application budgets should reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the total project period may not exceed 2 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-HD-12-209,section ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the nichd intends to fund one award for a total cost amount of $2,000,000 for fiscal year 2012. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget application budgets are limited to a total cost ceiling of $2,000,000 in fy 2012, and must reflect the actual needs of the proposed psdp.. award project period the project period duration may not exceed five years. other award budget information personnel costs individuals designing, directing, and implementing the psdp may request salary and fringe benefits appropriate for the person months devoted to the program. the pd/pi may apply for up to 1.2 person months (10 percent) of his/her salary. salaries requested may not exceed the levels commensurate with the institution's policy for similar positions and may not exceed the congressionally mandated cap. limited program-related administrative and clerical salary costs associated distinctly with the psdp that are not normally provided by the applicant organization may be direct charges to the grant only when they are in accordance with applicable cost principles. up to 12 person months (100 percent) effort may be requested for a psdp administrative coordinator. for institutions covered by omb circular a-21, this type of training program may qualify as a major project where administrative salaries are allowable as a direct cost. when specifically identified and justified, these expenses must be itemized in sections a and b, as appropriate, of the r&r budget. items that may not be supported with k12 funds include: salaries and fringe benefits for the program mentors; direct support of the laboratories, salaries, fringe benefits, travel, and research projects of the investigators serving as mentors beyond those expenses directly attributable to the fellows project; salary and support for central institutional administrative personnel (e.g., budget officers, grant assistants, and building maintenance personnel), which are usually paid from institutional overhead charges; salary and support for administrative activities such as institutional public relations or health and educational services. participant costs salary and fringe benefits: first-year fellows are permitted a salary of up to $65,000 plus 15% fringe benefits; second-year fellows are permitted a salary of up to $70,000 plus 15% fringe benefits; third-year fellows are permitted a salary of up to $75,000 plus 15% fringe benefits. the number of psdp fellows supported by funds from the nichd shall be no more than 18, namely, up to six first-year fellows, up to six second-year fellows, and up to six third-year fellows. research and career development support: applicants may request up to $20,000 per year for each first-, second-, and third-year fellow for research and career development support. allowable research expenses may include (1) travel for training or to scientific meetings; (2) research supplies and equipment; and (3) technical support and statistical or computer services. these research and development costs must be documented specifically for each individual candidate and must be related to the fellows research activities. they cannot be pooled and used for other programs unrelated or indirectly related to the research activities of individual fellows. other program related expenses the psdp budget should include adequate funds to permit each nichd-supported fellow to attend the annual psdp conference, which is held in conjunction with the annual meeting of the association of medical school pediatric department chairs. indirect costs indirect costs (also known as facilities & administrative [f&a] costs) are reimbursed at 8% of modified total direct costs (exclusive of tuition and fees and expenditures for equipment), rather than on the basis of a negotiated rate agreement. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HL-12-037,section ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards oppnet intends to commit approximately $2,000,000 in total costs (direct costs plus facilities and administrative (f&a) costs) in fy2012 to fund an estimated 2-4 grants in response to this foa. the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations, and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget budgets up to a maximum of $325,000 in direct costs per year (not including 3rd party facilities and administrative (f&a) costs) and a project duration of up to three years may be requested for a maximum of $975,000 in direct costs over a three-year project period per application. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. budgets must reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period 3 years nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-CA-17-057,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nci intends to commit $42 million in fy 2019 to five awards. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the total project period requested may not exceed 6 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-EB-17-002,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. issuing ic and partner components intend to commit an estimated total of $7.5m in fy2017 to fund 3-6 awards. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-CA-13-013,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the phs 398 application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the national cancer institute intends to commit an estimated total of $40.8 million ($35.4 million for cancer clinical trials and $5.4 million for cancer care delivery research studies) for up to 40 awards in fy 2014. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget application budgets are not limited, but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, the size of each award will also vary . award project period 5 years nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-MH-19-151,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nimh intends to commit $6 million in direct costs in fiscal year 2019 for this and companion foa rfa-mh-19-150 fund one u24 national data coordinating center and five r01 epinet regional hubs per fiscal year. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget direct costs are limited to $1,000,000 in any one year. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-HL-16-015,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. nhlbi intends to fund up to 5 awards, corresponding to total costs up to $948,000 in fy 2016, and up to $3,002,000 total costs per year for fiscal years 2017, 2018, 2019, and 2020. award budget application budgets may not exceed direct costs of $120,000 in fy 2016 and may not exceed direct costs of $380,000 in fy 2017, fy 2018, fy 2019 and fy 2020. application budgets should reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-MH-11-090,section ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this foa will use the nih research project grant (r01) award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts (see sf424 (r&r) application guide ) . it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ) . specifically, a u.s. organization submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs) must use the phs398 modular budget component. u.s. applicants requesting more than $250,000 in annual direct costs and all foreign applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component. 2. funds available the nimh intends to commit approximately $2,000,000 in fy 2011 to fund four to six applications in response to this funding opportunity and the companion announcements. an applicant may request a project period of up to five years and budget for direct costs up to $500,000 per year. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the nimh provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. section
RFA-CA-12-015,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations, and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. for the group of pqs covered by this foa (group a), the nci intends to fund approximately 10-15 r01 awards for both application rounds combined, corresponding to a total of up to $5-7 million, for fiscal year 2013 and a similar amount for fiscal year 2014. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget application budgets are not limited, but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the total project period may not exceed 4 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-CA-19-016,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new resubmission but only of applications originally submitted to the predecessor foa, rfa-ca-17-049 . the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials. need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the nci intends to commit approximately $7 million dollars total cost in fy 2019, contingent upon receiving scientifically meritorious applications. up to three (3) awards are anticipated from this solicitation. award budget center budgets are limited to $1.6 million direct costs per year, and need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed projects and activities. award project period the scope of the proposed activities should determine the project period for the center. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-DE-08-005,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity announcement (foa) will use the nih exploratory/developmental grant (r21) award mechanism. the applicant(s) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses the modular budget formats (see the modular applications and awards section of the nih grants policy statement . specifically, if you are submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs), use the phs398 modular budget component provided in the sf424 (r&r) application package and sf424 (r&r) application guide (see specifically section 5.4, modular budget component, of the application guide). foreign organizations may not submit modular budgets. see not-od-06-096 the r21 mechanism is for new projects only. competing renewals (formerly competing continuation) will not be accepted. 2. funds available because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the institutes and centers (ics) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. the total project period for an application submitted in response to this funding opportunity may not exceed 2 years. although the size of award may vary with the scope of research proposed, it is expected that applications will stay within the budgetary guidelines for an exploratory/developmental project. direct costs are limited to $275,000 over a two-year period, with no more than $200,000 in direct costs allowed in any single year. applicants may request direct costs in $25,000 modules, up to the total direct costs limitation of $275,000 for the combined two-year award period. the participating organization nidcr intends to commit a total of approximately $ 2,500,000 dollars over two years, in fy20 08 and fy2009, to fund approximately 5-10 applications. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 , november 2, 2004. section
RFA-MH-18-600,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the nih blueprint intends to commit $2m in fy 2018 to fund approximately 6 awards. however, the total amount awarded and the number of awards made will depend upon the number, quality, and cost of the applications received. award budget for the r21 phase, the combined budget for direct costs for a two-year project period may not exceed $275,000. no more than $200,000 may be requested in any single year. for the r33 phase, application budgets may not exceed $500,000 in annual direct costs. award project period the duration of the entire r21/r33 award may not exceed 5 years. the r21 phase may not exceed 2 years of support. the r33 phase may not exceed 3 years of support. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-LM-19-001,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new resubmission, limited to previous submission to rfa-lm-17-002. the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nlm intends to commit $750,000 in fy 2019 to fund up to 5 awards. award budget budgets up to $150,000 for one year, $300,000 over two years or $450,000 over 3 years, in direct costs, may be requested. the total amount requested need not be the same in each year for a multiple year project but needs to reflect actual needs of the proposed project. this foa does not cover facilities and administrative (f&a) costs, also called overhead or indirect costs. consortium/subcontractual costs will be considered direct costs to the parent grant and, therefore, must fall within the total direct cost cap established for this program. like the parent grant, consortium costs cannot include funds for facilities and administrative costs. award project period applicants may request up to 3 years for the project period. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-CA-19-013,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nci intends to commit $4,500,000 in total costs in fy 2019, and nia and nibib have committed $1,000,000 in total costs to fund or co-fund up to four awards. award budget each application budget is limited to $900,000 in direct costs per year. award project period the project period of up to 5 years may be requested. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-AA-07-015,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity announcement (foa) will use the nih research project grant ( r01) award mechanism. the applicant will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ). specifically, if you are a u.s. organization and are submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs), use the phs398 modular budget component provided in the sf424 (r&r) application package and sf424 (r&r) application guide (see specifically section 5.4, modular budget component, of the application guide). u.s. applicants requesting more than $250,000 in annual direct costs and all foreign applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component found in the application package for this foa. see not-od-06-096 , august 23, 2006. at this time, it is not known if competing renewal (formerly competing continuation ) applications will be accepted and/or if this foa will be reissued. 2. funds available because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plan of the niaaa provides support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. the participating organization, n iaaa, intends to commit approximately $ 1 , 5 00,000 dollars in fiscal year 2007 to fund 2 to 3 r01 applications in response to this foa , plus 5 to 6 r21 applications in response to the parallel foa [ rfa-aa-07-016 ; mechanisms of nervous system dysfunction: impact of alcohol abuse on hiv-1 neuropathogenesis (r21) ] . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. f &a costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 , november 2, 2004. section
RFA-MH-20-505,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new resubmission the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? required: only accepting applications that propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nimh intends to fund an estimate 4 to 9 awards, corresponding to a total of $2 million for fiscal years 2020 and 2021 for this and the companion r34 announcement (rfa-mh-20-506). award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 4 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-OD-21-008,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s). need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nih od intends to commit $100,000,000 in fy 2022 to fund 25-50 awards. the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. award budget application budgets in general are limited to $750,000 per year in direct costs and need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. application budget requests over $750,000 in direct costs for any year must meet the additional criteria described in section 1. award project period the maximum period is 2 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-DK-09-013,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity will use the p30 a ward mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses non-modular budget formats described in the phs 398 application instructions (see https://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). 2. funds available the niddk intends to commit $4,600,000 in fy 2010 to fund approximately 4 new and/or competing continuation grants in response to this foa. an applicant should request a project period of five years and a budget for no more than $750,000 direct costs per year. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation, see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. section
RFA-AA-21-016,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s). need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards niaaa intends to commit up to a combined $5 million in fy 2022 to fund 6 - 8 awards for both this foa and companion ( rfa-aa-21-017 ). award budget application budgets need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. the award budgets are limited to less than $500,000 direct costs annually. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-ES-11-002,ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niehs intends to commit an estimated total of $2 million toward 10 awards. award budget application budgets cannot exceed $150,000 per year in direct cost in any one budget year. the total direct costs allowed over the life of the grant may not exceed $300,000. the requested funds must reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum period is 3 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-OD-20-016,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nih intends to commit $7m in fy 2021 to fund 6-8 awards. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the total project period may not exceed 3 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-HL-15-013,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. the nhlbi intends to commit $3,400,000 total costs in fy 2015 to fund up to 4 awards. collaborative project funds are contingent on availability of funds at the time of award. award budget application budgets are limited to $500,000 in direct costs per year to support the main project. collaborative project budgets should be commensurate with the scope and complexity of the project(s). award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period allowed is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AT-19-003,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards issuing ic and partner components intend to commit an estimated total of $2,100,000 to fund 2 awards. award budget application budgets are limited to $700,000 in annual direct costs, but should reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period support may be requested for up to five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-DK-17-031,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards niddk intends to commit up to $1.25 million to fund 2-3 awards in fy 2018 and up to $1.25 million to fund 2-3 awards in fy 2019. the number of awards is contingent upon availability of funds and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. award budget application budgets are expected to range from $250,000 to $500,000 direct costs per year. budgets are expected to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 4 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-TW-08-002,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this foa will use the nih research education grant (r25) award mechanism. as an applicant, you will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. the applicant organizations administration must provide the necessary management for the transfer of funds and materials to the collaborators and any subcontracts. this foa uses just-in-time concepts. it also uses the non-modular budget format. applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the sf424 research and related (r&r) budget component found in the application package for this foa. a detailed categorical budget for the initial budget period and the entire proposed period of support is to be submitted with the application. 2. funds available because the nature and scope of a proposed international research ethics education program will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the fic provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. under this foa: u.s. or foreign applicants can submit a new or competing renewal application for a comprehensive curriculum development and educational program requesting a project period of up to four years and a budget of up to $250,000 total costs (direct and f & a) per year. alternatively, developing country applicants may apply for a two-year program planning grant requesting a budget of total costs of up to $25,000 (direct and f & a) per year. r25 education awards limit facilities and administrative (f & a) costs to eight percent of modified direct costs . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this funding opportunity announcement. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants, if applicable, are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 . all awards are subject to the availability of funds. the estimated amount of funds available for support of projects awarded as a result of this announcement from fic and potential partners is $ 1.5 million for fiscal year 2008 to fund five to s ix new and/or competing renewal comprehensive curriculum development and educational program awards and two to three planning awards in response to this foa . future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations.
RFA-DA-20-006,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nida intends to commit $1m in fy2020 to fund 3-5 awards from this r01 and the r21. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget application budgets are limited to direct costs of $350k. award project period project periods cannot exceed 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-MH-17-650,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the following nih components intend to commit the following amounts in fy 2018: nimh, $2,500,000, 3-4 awards nida, $500,000, 1-2 awards award budget application budgets are limited to $425,000 direct costs per year and need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AG-19-017,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new resubmission of applications to rfa-ag-18-006 the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials note: applicants may propose to gain experience in a clinical trial led by a mentor/co-mentor as part of their research career development. need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nia intends to commit $2 million in fy 2019 to fund an estimate of 7 to 10 awards for this rfa and its companion. future year amounts are contingent upon annual appropriations. award budget award budgets are composed of salary and other program-related expenses, as described below and are limited to $225,000 in direct costs in any year. award project period the total project period may not exceed 5 years. other award budget information salary nih will contribute up to the legislative limit per year toward the salary of the career award recipient. further guidance on budgeting for career development salaries is provided in the sf424 (r&r) application guide. salary must be within the overall direct cost limit of $225,000 (see also not-od-17-094 ). the total nih contribution to salary, however, may not exceed the legislatively mandated salary cap. see: http://grants.nih.gov/grants/policy/salcap_summary.htm . other program-related expenses nih will contribute support up to the overall direct cost limit per year toward the research development costs of the award recipient, which must be justified and consistent with the stage of development of the candidate and the proportion of time to be spent in research or career development activities. salary for mentors, secretarial and administrative assistants, etc. is not allowed. it is expected that awardees will use a portion of their research development funds to cover the costs of traveling to an annual domestic meeting for beeson scholars. indirect costs indirect costs (also known as facilities & administrative [f&a] costs) are reimbursed at 8% of modified total direct costs. nih grant policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-HL-12-034,section ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations, and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. the nhlbi intends to commit $2.0 million total costs in fy 2012 to fund up to four awards, with a total cost commitment of $4.0 million over the two-year period. award budget application budgets are limited to a maximum of $400,000 direct costs in any year, but need to reflect actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project is up to a maximum of two years, fy2012 and fy2013. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AI-09-010,section ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity will use the u01 cooperative agreement award mechanism(s). the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses non-modular budget formats described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). this funding opportunity will use a cooperative agreement award mechanism. in the cooperative agreement mechanism, the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) retains the primary responsibility and dominant role for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project, with nih staff being substantially involved as a partner with the principal investigator, as described under the section vi. 2. administrative requirements , "cooperative agreement terms and conditions of award". the u01 application includes a single research project that may include consortium agreements, but does not include "core" resources and facilities as defined for u19 multi-project applications. this foa is a one-time solicitation. at this time, the niaid has not determined whether or how this program will be continued beyond the present foa. 2. funds available the estimated amount of funds available for support of 5 to 9 projects awarded as a result of this announcement is $6.3 for fiscal year 2010 . future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. direct costs are limited to $500,000 in year 1. future year recommended levels are limited to 3% escalation costs. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation, see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DA-09-016,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this foa will utilize the r03 grant mechanism to support projects including pilot and feasibility studies; small, self-contained research projects; and to foster the establishment of new research collaborations between geneticists and drug abuse researchers. as the r03 is intended to support small research projects that can be carried out in a short period of time with limited resources, it is intended that, with the use of this mechanism, investigators and collaborative research groups will be able to conduct initial pilot and feasibility studies to better position them for a subsequent r01 application. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts (see sf424 (r&r) application guide ) . it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ) . specifically, a u.s. organization submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs) must use the phs398 modular budget component. u.s. applicants requesting more than $250,000 in annual direct costs and all foreign applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component. 2. funds available the nida expects to award $2,000,000 through this announcement. nida expects to award 8-10 applications. the direct cost for individual awards should not exceed $150,000 per year and should not exceed $300,000 for the two year project period. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-CA-18-001,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose independent clinical trials. note: applicants may propose to gain experience in a clinical trial led by a sponsor/co-sponsor as part of their research training. need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nci intends to commit $1.2 m in fy 2018 to fund up to 24 awards. award budget for the f99 phase, award budgets are composed of stipends, tuition and fees, and institutional allowance, as described below. for the k00 phase, award budgets are composed of salary and fringe benefits, tuition and fees, research and career development support, and indirect costs, as described below. award project period for the f99/k00 award, individuals may receive up to 6 years combined support for both phases, which includes up to 2 years in the f99 fellowship phase and up to 4 years in the k00 career development phase. other award budget information stipends (f99)/ salary (k00) allowable costs: f99 phase stipends are provided as a subsistence allowance to help defray living expenses during the research training experience. the stipend level for f99 predoctoral fellows is the same as for the f31 ruth l. kirschstein national research service award (nrsa) fellows. see https://researchtraining.nih.gov/resources/policy-notices allowable costs: k00 phase nci will contribute up to $50,000 in the first year toward the salary of the career award recipient. this will be increased to $53,300 for the second year, to $56,600 for the third year, and to $59,900 for a fourth year. further guidance on budgeting for career development salaries is provided in the sf424 (r&r) application guide. the total salary, however, may not exceed the legislatively mandated salary cap. see: http://grants.nih.gov/grants/policy/salcap_summary.htm . tuition and fees allowable costs: f99 phase nci will contribute to the combined cost of tuition and fees at the rate in place at the time of award, at the same level set for the f31 ruth l. kirschstein national research service award (nrsa) fellowships; see https://researchtraining.nih.gov/resources/policy-notices allowable costs: k00 phase nci will contribute to the combined cost of tuition and fees an amount equal to 60% of the level requested by the applicant institution, up to $4,500 per year. institutional allowance (f99)/ other program-related expenses (k00) allowable costs: f99 phase the applicant should request an institutional allowance to help defray the cost of fellowship expenses such as health insurance, research supplies, equipment, books, and travel to scientific meetings. the annual institutional allowance level for the f99 phase is the same as that provided for the f31 ruth l. kirschstein national research service award (nrsa) awards (see https://researchtraining.nih.gov/resources/policy-notices ), plus a one-time additional $1500 in the first year of the f99 award to defray the travel costs to attend a mandatory nci-sponsored conference. allowable costs: k00 phase nci will contribute $3,000 per year toward the research development costs of the award recipient, which must be justified and consistent with the stage of development of the candidate and the proportion of time to be spent in research or career development activities, plus a one-time additional $1500 in the first year of the k00 award to defray the travel costs to attend a mandatory nci-sponsored conference. salary for mentors, secretarial and administrative assistants, etc. is not allowed. indirect costs allowable costs: f99 phase nci does not separately reimburse indirect costs (also known as facilities & administrative [f&a] costs) for fellowships. costs for administering the f99 awards are part of the institutional allowance. see https://researchtraining.nih.gov/resources/policy-notices allowable costs: k00 phase indirect costs (also known as facilities & administrative [f&a] costs) are reimbursed at 8% of modified total direct costs. stipend levels, as well as funding amounts for tuition and fees and the institutional allowance are announced annually in the nih guide for grants and contracts, and are also posted on the ruth l. kirschstein national research service award (nrsa) webpage . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-ES-18-001,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new resubmission the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards niehs intends to fund an estimate of 5-6 awards, corresponding to a total of $3.0 million, for each of fiscal years 2018, 2019, 2020. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget the budget for direct costs is composed of two elements - research direct costs and career enhancement costs. for most applications, the budget for direct costs should be limited to $250,000 per year. with strong justification, research projects which have inherently higher costs may request direct costs of up to $400,000 per year. career enhancement direct costs are limited to $250,000, which can be distributed over the 5-year award period. note: the total direct cost budget (research plus career enhancement) may not exceed $475,000 in any year of the award. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AI-11-027,ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the niaid intends to commit $4 million in total costs in fy2012 to fund 15 to 20 applications in response to this foa. award budget support for the r21 phase cannot exceed two years and direct costs are limited to $275,000 over the r21 two-year period, with a maximum of $200,000 in direct costs allowed in any single year. the r33 award phase is limited to $300,000 in direct costs per year and cannot exceed three years. the niaid anticipates that a maximum of fifty percent (50%) of the funded r21 phase awards will progress to the r33 award. award project period the total project period for an application submitted in response to this foa cannot exceed five years. awards will support milestone-driven exploratory/feasibility proof-of-concept studies (two-year r21 phase), with possible rapid transition to expanded development (three-year r33 phase). nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DA-20-023,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new resubmission the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nih intends to fund an estimate of three to five awards, corresponding to a total of $2,000,000, for fiscal year 2020. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget application budgets are limited to no more than $500,000 direct cost. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-NS-17-024,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the total amount of funding that ninds expects to award through this announcement is up to $40 million. the anticipated number of awards is up to 25, with the total number of awards contingent upon availability of funds and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. award budget the maximum allowable direct cost per year for a nih neuronext site will be $200,000. award project period the project period is limited to 5 years nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DA-08-021,section ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity announcement (foa) will use the nih research project grant ( r01) award mechanism. the applicant will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ). specifically, if you are a u.s. organization and are submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs), use the phs398 modular budget component provided in the sf424 (r&r) application package and sf424 (r&r) application guide (see specifically section 5.4, modular budget component, of the application guide). u.s. applicants requesting more than $250,000 in annual direct costs and all foreign applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component found in the application package for this foa. see not-od-06-096 , august 23, 2006. 2. funds available because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the institutes and centers (ics) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. the participating organization(s) nida and csat/samhsa intend to commit approximately 3.5 million dollars in total costs [direct plus facilities and administrative (f & a) costs] in fy 2008 to fund six to eight new grants in response to this rfa. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. f&a costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 , november 2, 2004.
RFA-RM-06-003,section ii. award information 1. mechanism(s) of support this funding opportunity will use the nih biotechnology resource grant (p41) award mechanism. this mechanism is used to support the development of research resources that will be available to qualified investigators without regard to the scientific disciplines or disease orientations of their research activities. the maximum award duration will be three years. as an applicant, you will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this funding opportunity uses the just-in-time budget concepts. it also uses the non-modular budget format described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). a detailed categorical budget for the "initial budget period" and the "entire proposed period of support" is to be submitted with the application. 2. funds available on behalf of the nih roadmap, the national institute of general medical sciences (nigms) intends to make two sets of awards under this rfa. for each round, up to $2.5 million per year will be committed, to fund approximately six new grants. an applicant may request a project period of up to three years . because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award also will vary. although the financial plans of nigms provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of highly meritorious applications. fy 2006 awards will begin on or about september 2006, and fy 2007 awards will begin during the summer of 2007. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation, see not-od-05-004 .
RFA-AI-11-046,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement application types allowed revision the oer glossary and the phs398 application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niaid intends to commit a total of $2 million in fy 2012 to fund approximately 6 - 10 awards in response to this foa. award budget the total (direct plus indirect) cost requested for an icemr competitive revision may not exceed $250,000 per year. award project period applicants may request support for multiple years not to exceed the remaining number of years on the parent icemr grant. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-NS-16-010,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new resubmission of rfa-ns-15-008 the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the nih anticipates providing $13.5m per year, to fund an estimated 4-7 awards. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. applicants should rarely exceed $2 m direct costs per year. award project period the total duration may not exceed 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-RM-13-023,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed revision the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. the nih common fund intends to commit $2.2m in fy 2014 to fund 5-8 awards. award budget applications may request up to $250,000 direct costs per year. award project period the maximum period of support is limited by the time remaining on the parent award (not including no-cost extension periods) and may not be more than 2 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-OD-19-018,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? required: only accepting applications that propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nih intends to commit $4 million in fy19 to fund an estimate of 2 to 4 awards. the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. award budget application budgets for the r61 phase and the r33 phase are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum period of the combined r61 and r33 phases is 5 years, with up to 2 years for the r61 phase and up to 3 years for the r33 phase. applications with a project period less than 5 years are encouraged where feasible. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-DK-09-501,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity will use the nih cooperative agreement (u01) award mechanism(s). this funding opportunity will use a cooperative agreement award mechanism. in the cooperative agreement mechanism, the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) retains the primary responsibility and dominant role for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project, with nih staff being substantially involved as a partner with the principal investigator, as described under the section vi. 2. administrative requirements , "cooperative agreement terms and conditions of award". there are no plans to extend the consortium beyond the current funding opportunity. 2. funds available the total amount of funding provided over a three year period that niddk and niaid expect to award through this announcement is 30 million dollars; the anticipated number of awards is up to ten; the expected direct cost amount for individual awards over the three year award period is between 300,000 and three million dollars for clinical centers and up to 8 million dollars for the coordinating center. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation, see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. section
RFA-GM-13-006,ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nigms intends to commit $2,000,000 (total cost) in fy 2013. nimh intends to commit $100,000 dc in fy 2013. award budget application budgets are not limited, but need to reflect actual needs of the proposed project. award project period scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum period is five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-CA-09-014,section ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this foa will use the nih research education grant (r25) award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed research education program. this foa uses just-in-time concepts ( see sf424 (r&r) application guide ) . it also uses the non-modular budget format. applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the sf424 research and related (r&r) budget component found in the application package for this foa. research education grant support is for new projects only; renewal (formerly competing continuation ) applications will not be accepted. 2. funds available because the nature and scope of the proposed research education program will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of th e nci pr ovide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. the total project period for an application submitted in response to this funding opportunity may not exceed 5 years. t he size of award may vary with the scope of the research education program proposed . applicants may request a project period of up to five years and a maximal budget in direct cost of up to $400,000 per year. it is anticipated, however, that the number of institutions that would have a cadre of investigators/mentors with appropriate expertise and resources sufficient to propose a full-fledged cntcs (with the maximal allowable budget) may be limited. therefore, applications for programs smaller in scope (with commensurably lower budget requests) are also encouraged. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 . all awards are subject to the availability of funds. the estimated amount of funds available for support of projects awarded as a result of this announcement is $2.5 million dollars in total costs for fy 2010 to fund three to five awards. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-NS-19-017,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed revision new (fast-track) new (phase ii ? sbir direct phase ii only) renewal (phase ii* direct phase ii not allowed) resubmission (all phases) the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards issuing ic and partner components intend to commit an estimated total of $6m to fund 4-8 awards. award budget applications should rarely exceed $1,000,000 in total cost per year during the sbir phase i and $1,500,000 in total costs per year during the sbir phase ii. award project period fast track: durations up to 2 years for phase i and up to 4 years for phase ii may be requested, but the total duration of the phase i/phase ii combined may not exceed 5 years. direct to phase ii only: the total duration may not exceed 4 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-CA-14-012,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nci intends to commit to cisnet a total of $8.4 million for fiscal year 2015. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. the funds will be used to support approximately 6 awards (one per cancer site). award budget an applicant may request a budget of up to $2.0 million in total costs per year. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the maximal allowable budget will be requested only in case of particularly comprehensive approaches and applications proposing a large number of modeling groups. award project period an applicant may request a project period of up to 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AA-07-011,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity announcement (foa) will use the nih research project grant ( r01) award mechanism. the applicant will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ). specifically, if you are a u.s. organization and are submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs), use the phs398 modular budget component provided in the sf424 (r&r) application package and sf424 (r&r) application guide (see specifically section 5.4, modular budget component, of the application guide). all foreign applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component found in the application package for this foa. see not-od-06-096 , august 23, 2006. competing renewal (formerly competing continuation ) applications will not be accepted. at this time, it is not known if this foa will be reissued. 2. funds available because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the institutes and centers (ics) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. the niaaa intends to commit approximately $1.5 million dollars in fiscal year 2007 to fund 4-6 applications. applications are limited to $250,000 direct cost s per year under this initiative. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. f&a costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 , november 2, 2004. section
RFA-AG-19-030,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed renewal. only the current awardees of the intervention testing program funded under rfa-ag-14-011 are eligible to apply under this limited competition foa the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nia intends to commit $4.8 million in fy 2019 to fund 3 awards. award budget direct costs for awards may not exceed $3 million per year for the consortium. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-AG-10-004,section ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this foa will use the r01 award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. applications may request up to, but not more than, $250,000 in direct costs. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts (see sf424 (r&r) application guide ) . it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ) . specifically, a u.s. organization submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs) must use the phs398 modular budget component. u.s. applicants requesting more than $250,000 in annual direct costs must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component. applications requesting $500,000 (direct costs) or more per year are not allowed. 2. funds available because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although nia financial plan provides support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-CA-14-004,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new resubmission to this foa or a prior issuance of this foa the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nci intends to fund an estimate of 12 awards, corresponding to a total of $4,000,000, for fiscal year 2015. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget direct costs are limited to $300,000 per year. application budgets must reflect actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the total project period request may not exceed 3 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-NS-12-006,ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new the oer glossary and the phs398 application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards ninds intends to commit an estimated $1.2 million dollars in direct costs in fy 2012 to support up to 4 exploratory grants. award budget application budgets are limited to $300k direct costs. budget requests should reflect actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 3 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AR-17-003,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new resubmission revision the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the niams intends to commit approximately $1.5 million in fy2017 to support up to 4-5 new awards combined from the companion foas for r01s (this foa) and r21s (rfa-ar-17-004). awards issued under this foa are contingent upon the availability of funds and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. award budget budgets for direct costs of up to $300,000 per year may be requested. award project period a duration for up to four years may be requested. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AG-20-006,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nia intends to commit $3 million in fy 2020 to fund 4-6 awards. award budget budgets up to $500,000 in direct costs per year may be requested. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-MH-07-040,ii. award information 1. mechanism(s) of support this funding opportunity will use the nih research grant (r01) award mechanism. as an applicant, you will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this funding opportunity uses just-in-time concepts. it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see https://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ). specifically, if you are submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less, use the modular budget format described in the phs 398 application instructions. otherwise follow the instructions for non-modular research grant applications. 2. funds available the nimh intends to commit approximately $3,000,000 to fund 5-7 new and/or competing continuation grants in response to this and the related announcement ( rfa-mh-06-041 ). an applicant may request a project period of up to 5 years and a budget for direct costs up to $800,000 per year. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. the anticipated start dates for new awards is april 1, 2007. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation, see not-od-05-004 . section
RFA-RM-11-006,ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nih common fund intends to commit $25 million dollars in fy 2012 for this initiative. the number of awards depends on the size and scope of the most meritorious applications. up to one-third of the budget for this foa will be reserved for projects exceeding $1 million dollars in direct costs per year. component institutes and centers of nih may also fund particular applications based on programmatic interest and availability of funds.. award budget there is no budget limit per application up to the funds made available for the entire initiative. award project period the maximum project period is five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AI-19-074,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? required: only accepting applications that propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards niaid intends to commit up to $7.0 million in fy 2021 to fund 1 award. award budget application budgets are limited to $4.3 million direct costs and need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed projects. this includes funding for 1) the cause-lc functions, 2) the cause network-wide clinical projects including protocol-specific funds for the cause-crcs and for the mechanistic studies incorporated in these projects, 3) the final 3 (possibly 4) years of the ureca birth cohort. award project period the proposed project period must be 7 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-HD-20-004,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards issuing ic and partner components intend to commit an estimated total of $6,950,000 in fy2020 (contingent upon the nih appropriations) to fund about six awards, depending on the number of meritorious applications received and the relevance to the respective missions of the participating nih institutes. award budget applicants may request direct costs up to $750,000 per year. because the nature and scope of the proposed infrastructure will vary, it is anticipated that the size of the awards will vary to reflect the actual needs of the proposed center. in addition to proposing an infrastructure center, the applicant may propose to take on the additional role of serving as the coordinating center across all the funded rehabilitation infrastructure center and may request up to $250,000 in additional direct costs for this optional role. only one coordinating center will be chosen from among the funded p2c networks. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-CA-19-050,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed revision applications from active nci u01 awardees resubmissions (but only of revision applications submitted in response to this foa) the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nih intends to fund an estimate of 3-5 awards, corresponding to a total of $2.5m, for fiscal year 2020. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget application budgets may not exceed $250,000 direct costs per year. award project period applicants may request support for up to 3 years, not to exceed the remaining number of years on the parent grant. the parent grant must be active when the application is submitted and have a minimum of 3 years left of funding at the application receipt date. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-RM-15-021,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the common fund intends to commit $1,000,000 in fy 2016 to fund 6-7 awards, contingent upon availability of funds and receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. award budget application budgets are limited to $100,000 direct costs, but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the maximum project period is 1 year. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-GM-19-002,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nigms intends to commit $2 million total costs in fy 2020 to fund one award. award budget application budgets are limited to $2 million total costs exclusive of estimated cost-recovery. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-DK-13-013,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niddk intends to commit $1,000,000 total costs to fund one award in fy 2014. award budget application budgets are limited to $1,000,000 total costs. this limit is inclusive of any direct and f&a costs associated with consortium or subcontract arrangements. award project period the maximum project period for an application submitted in response to this funding opportunity is five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DK-21-024,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new renewal applications in response to rfa-dk-16-032 . the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s). need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards niddk intends to commit $2.63 million in fy 2022 to fund 3 awards. award budget the direct costs for the p50 award are expected to be approximately $500,000 per year (excluding opportunity pool). applicants may request $125,000 or more per year for the opportunity pool to fund the pilot and feasibility program. all opportunity pool costs are inclusive of any f&a for the center and the subawardees. as such, the center should not calculate f&a on the opportunity pool set aside. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-CA-08-017,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this foa will use the nih research project grant (r01) award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts (see sf424 (r&r) application guide ) . it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ) . specifically, a u.s. organization submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs) must use the phs398 modular budget component. u.s. applicants requesting more than $250,000 in annual direct costs and all foreign applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component. 2. funds available the national cancer institute (nci) intends to commit approximately $3 million dollars annually in fiscal year 20 08 and approximately $15 million over five years to fund four to six a pplications. an applicant may request a project period of up to five years, and a budget of not more than $375,000 in direct costs/year. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the nci provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HL-20-026,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the nhlbi intends to commit total costs of up to $1,488,000 in fy 2020, up to $1,999,500 in fys 2021-2023, and up to $1,488,000 in fy 2024 to fund one award. award budget applications budgets may request direct costs up to $960,000 in fy 2020, up to $1,290,000 per year in fy2021 through fy2023, and up to $960,000 in fy2024. award budgets should reflect actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-GM-14-014,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new resubmission of unfunded applications submitted in response to rfa-gm-13-010 . the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nigms intends to commit approximately $2 million in fy 2014 to fund 7-10 new awards. awards issued under this foa are contingent on the availability of funds and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. award budget direct costs are limited to $375,000 over a three-year period, with no more than $175,000 in direct costs allowed in any single year. consortia f&a costs are not included in the direct cost limit. award project period the maximum period is 3 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DA-12-006,section ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nida intends to commit $1,000,000 in fy 2012 to fund 2-3 awards. award budget direct costs may not exceed $300k per year and the project period may not exceed 5 years. award project period 5 years nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-RM-21-012,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new resubmissions from rfa-rm-20-019 the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials. need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the nih common fund intends to commit approximately $2,000,000 in fy 2022, contingent upon receiving scientifically meritorious applications. 10-12 awards are anticipated from this solicitation. award budget application budgets are limited to $100,000 in direct costs (excluding subcontract f&a) for one year and need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the maximum project period for an application submitted under this foa is 1 year. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-HL-19-010,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? required: only accepting applications that propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nhlbi intends to commit $7,438,000 in total costs for fy 2019 to fund one award. award budget total application budgets must not exceed $5,700,500 direct costs in fiscal year 2019, $5,701,500 direct costs in fiscal year 2020, $5,701,500 direct costs in fiscal year 2021, $4,900,000 direct costs in fiscal year 2022, $4,699,500 direct costs in fiscal year 2023, $4,699,500 direct costs in fiscal year 2024, and $2,300,000 in fiscal year 2025. for all non-protocol costs: applicants may request no more than $2,500,000 direct costs in fiscal years 2019 through 2021, $2,400,000 direct costs in fiscal year 2022, and $2,300,000 direct costs in fiscal years 2023 through 2025. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is up to 7 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-AG-11-002,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity will use the p30 award mechanism(s). the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses non-modular budget formats described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). 2. funds available the estimated amount of funds available to be awarded as a result of this announcement is approximately $ 3.3 million in fiscal year 2011 for support of three new or renewal centers and $1.1 million in fiscal year 2012 for support of one new or renewal center. the maximum allowable direct cost that may be requested is $800,000 per year. an applicant may request a project period of up to 5 years. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of nia provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation, see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. section
RFA-CA-07-016,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this foa will use the nih exploratory/developmental phase ii grant (r33) award mechanism . as an applicant, you will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this funding opportunity uses just-in-time concepts. applicants must complete and submit detailed budget requests using the sf424 research and related (r&r) budget component provided in the sf424 (r&r) application package and sf424 (r&r) application guide (see specifically section 4.7, r&r budget component, of the application guide). modular budgets are not permitted for this funding opportunity. exploratory/developmental grant support is for new projects only; competing renewal (formerly competing continuation ) applications will not be accepted. up to two resubmissions (formerly revisions/amendments") of a previously reviewed exploratory/developmental grant application may be submitted. see not-od-03-041 , may 7, 2003. 2. funds available because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the nci provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. the nci intends to commit a total of approximately up to $1,500,000 to this foa in fy 2007 to award up to 4-5 grants in response to this foa. an r33 applicant may request a project period of up to 3 years with a combined budget appropriate for the science proposed. the request should be tailored to the needs of the project. commensurate facilities and administrative (f&a) costs are allowed. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this funding opportunity. f&a costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 , november 2, 2004. all awards are subject to the availability of funds. the estimated amount of funds available for support of projects awarded as a result of this announcement is up to $1,500,000 for fiscal year 2007. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. section
RFA-CA-07-020,ii. collaborations with other applicants to this rfa. although not required, two or more laboratories responding to this rfa may propose to take an integrated approach to specific aspects of glycan biomarker discovery and development. such plans should be briefly described in this section. whereas such interactions may benefit the entire program, it is imperative that projects proposed by each of the collaborating laboratories are individually coherent and viable as self-standing projects. each application will be individually evaluated for its scientific merit. c. data and resource sharing plans - section 3 should also contain plans for sharing of: 1) data; and 2) research resources. please see instructions below for the preparation of these plans. plan for sharing research data all applicants must include a plan for sharing research data in their application. the data sharing policy is available at http://grants.nih.gov/grants/policy/data_sharing . all investigators responding to this funding opportunity should include a description of how final research data will be shared, or explain why data sharing is not possible. the precise content of the data-sharing plan will vary, depending on the data being collected and how the investigator is planning to share the data. applicants must describe briefly the expected schedule for data sharing, the format of the final dataset, the documentation to be provided, whether or not any analytic tools also will be provided, whether or not a data-sharing agreement will be required and, if so, a brief description of such an agreement (including the criteria for deciding who can receive the data and whether or not any conditions will be placed on their use), and the mode of data sharing (e.g., under their own auspices by mailing a disk or posting data on their institutional or personal website, through a data archive or enclave). investigators choosing to share under their own auspices may wish to enter into a data-sharing agreement. references to data sharing may also be appropriate in other sections of the application. the data sharing plan must describe how that institution intends to meet the nih policies for sharing of data or why data sharing is not possible. all investigators funded by this initiative will be required to submit any novel glycan structures elucidated under this program to the glycan structure database of the consortium for functional glycomics. likewise, glycan profiles obtained from control and disease tissues, or cells, or other biospecimens will have to be deposited with the cfgs glycoprofiling database . experimental data for sharing, their format, analytical algorithms, computational modeling and visualizations, and other bioinformatics tools resulting from this rfa must be compatible with the nih-approved bioinformatics platforms, such as those designed and implemented by the nci center for bioinformatics ( http://ncicb.nci.nih.gov ), ultimately including cabig, an open source/open access information network for the sharing of cancer research data and related software tools ( https://cabig.nci.nih.gov ). the consortium for functional glycomics (cfg) and cabig representatives will work on implementing appropriate schemes for inclusion of data elements related to complex carbohydrate structures into cabig. the funded tumor glycan laboratories are expected to adhere to ensuing recommendations and standards for such inclusion once they become available. the reasonableness of the data sharing plan or the rationale for not sharing research data will be assessed by the reviewers. however, reviewers will not factor the proposed data sharing plan into the determination of scientific merit or the priority score. sharing research resources nih policy requires that grant awardee recipients make unique research resources readily available for research purposes to qualified individuals within the scientific community after publication (see the nih grants policy statement at http://grants.nih.gov/grants/policy/nihgps_2003/index.htm and at http://grants.nih.gov/grants/policy/nihgps_2003/nihgps_part7.htm#_toc54600131 ). investigators responding to this funding opportunity should include a plan for sharing research resources addressing how unique research resources will be shared or explain why sharing is not possible. the adequacy of the resources sharing plan and any related data sharing plans will be considered by program staff of the funding organization when making recommendations about funding applications. the effectiveness of the resource sharing will be evaluated as part of the administrative review of each non-competing grant progress report (phs 2590, http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/2590/2590.htm ). see section vi.3. reporting . investigators conducting biomedical research frequently develop unique research resources. nih recognizes that certain research activities may result in inventions and that grantees are entitled to protect such inventions through patenting and licensing activities in accordance with the bayh-dole act, 35 usc 200 et seq. and the implementing regulations, 37 cfr part 401 ( bayh-dole act ). however, the alliances core mission is based on collaborations among alliance members and between alliance members and industry partners. these interactions necessitate the sharing of research resources developed in alliance-related activities. to assure that the resulting research resources are accessible to other members of the alliance, nih requires that applicants who respond to this rfa: (1) submit a plan for sharing the unique research resources, e.g., glycomic reagents or probes and novel cancer biomarkers, generated through the grant; and (2) address how they will exercise intellectual property rights, should any be generated through this grant. if applicant investigators plan to collaborate with third parties owning intellectual property rights to a necessary technology, they must explain how such collaborations will be arranged so as not to restrict their ability to share research materials produced with nih funding. clinical terms of awards the nci is developing a policy that will require clinical terms of awards for clinical studies and trials when they are a component of the proposed research. the policy will require that studies be monitored commensurate with the degree of potential risk to study subjects and the complexity of the study. the new policy will be posted in the nih guide within a few weeks. all funded applicants will be expected to adhere to the new policy. section v. application review information 1. criteria only the review criteria described below will be considered in the review process. the following will be considered in making funding decisions: scientific merit of the proposed project as determined by peer review; availability of funds; and relevance of program priorities. 2. review and selection process applications that are complete and responsive to the rfa will be evaluated for scientific and technical merit by an appropriate peer review group convened by nci in accordance with the review criteria stated below. as part of the initial merit review, all applications will: undergo a selection process in which only those applications deemed to have the highest scientific merit, generally the top half of applications under review, will be discussed and assigned a priority score; receive a written critique; and receive a second level of review by the national cancer advisory board. the goals of nih supported research are to advance our understanding of biological systems, to improve the control of disease, and to enhance health. in their written critiques, reviewers will be asked to comment on each of the following criteria in order to judge the likelihood that the proposed research will have a substantial impact on the pursuit of these goals. each of these criteria will be addressed and considered in assigning the overall score, weighting them as appropriate for each application. note that an application does not need to be strong in all categories to be judged likely to have major scientific impact and thus deserve a high priority score. for example, an investigator may propose to carry out important work that by its nature is not innovative but is essential to move a field forward. significance: does this study address an important problem? if the aims of the application are achieved, how will scientific knowledge or clinical practice be advanced? what will be the effect of these studies on the concepts, methods, technologies, treatments, services, or preventative interventions that drive this field? does the proposed project focus on exploiting complex carbohydrates as cancer biomarkers for early detection, diagnosis, prognosis, recurrence, or risk? does the study address an important clinical problem in oncology? if the aims of the application are achieved, will clinical tests for these biomarkers be feasible? approach: are the conceptual or clinical framework, design, methods, and analyses adequately developed, well integrated, well reasoned, and appropriate to the aims of the project? does the applicant acknowledge potential problem areas and consider alternative tactics? is there evidence that the applicant group is capable of anticipating new directions in this field and of channeling resources to new opportunities? innovation: is the project original and innovative? for example: does the project challenge existing paradigms or address an innovative hypothesis or critical barrier to progress in the field? does the project develop and/or employ novel concepts, approaches, methodologies, tools, and/or technologies for this area? investigators: are the investigators appropriately trained and well suited to carry out this work? is the work proposed appropriate to the experience level of the principal investigator and other researchers? does the investigative team bring complementary and integrated expertise to the project (if applicable)? is the pi appropriately trained and well suited to lead and coordinate a research program of this nature? does the investigative team bring complementary and integrated expertise to the project? is the work proposed appropriate to the experience level of the pi and other researchers? do the team members have a significant track record of collaborations within and outside the applicant institution? are the applicants willing to collaborate extensively and share information fully and to abide by the priorities and policies agreed upon by the cu? environment: does the scientific environment in which the work will be done contribute to the probability of success? do the proposed experiments take advantage of unique features of the scientific environment and/or employ useful collaborative arrangements? is there evidence of institutional support? 2.a. additional review criteria in addition to the above criteria, the following items will continue to be considered in the determination of scientific merit and the priority score: protection of human subjects from research risk: the involvement of human subjects and protections from research risk relating to their participation in the proposed research will be assessed (see the research plan, section e on human subjects in the phs form 398). inclusion of women, minorities and children in research: the adequacy of plans to include subjects from both genders, all racial and ethnic groups (and subgroups), and children as appropriate for the scientific goals of the research will be assessed. plans for the recruitment and retention of subjects will also be evaluated (see the research plan, section e on human subjects in the phs form 398). care and use of vertebrate animals in research: if vertebrate animals are to be used in the project, the five items described under section f of the phs form 398 research grant application instructions will be assessed. biohazards: if materials or procedures are proposed that are potentially hazardous to research personnel and/or the environment, determine if the proposed protection is adequate. 2.b. additional review considerations budget: the reasonableness of the proposed budget and the requested period of support in relation to the proposed research. the priority score should not be affected by the evaluation of the budget. 2.c. sharing research data data sharing plan: the reasonableness of the data sharing plan or the rationale for not sharing research data will be assessed by the reviewers. however, reviewers will not factor the proposed data sharing plan into the determination of scientific merit or the priority score. the presence of a data sharing plan will be part of the terms and conditions of the award. the funding organization will be responsible for monitoring the data sharing policy. 2.d. sharing research resources nih policy requires that grant awardee recipients make unique research resources readily available for research purposes to qualified individuals within the scientific community after publication (see the nih grants policy statement at http://grants.nih.gov/grants/policy/nihgps/part_ii_5.htm#availofrr and at http://www.ott.nih.gov/policy/rt_guide_final.html ). investigators responding to this funding opportunity should include a sharing research resources plan addressing how unique research resources will be shared or explain why sharing is not possible. program staff will be responsible for the administrative review of the plan for sharing research resources. the adequacy of the resources sharing plan will be considered by program staff of the funding organization when making recommendations about funding applications. program staff may negotiate modifications of the data and resource sharing plans with the awardee before recommending funding of an application. the final version of the data and resource sharing plans negotiated by both will become a condition of the award of the grant. the effectiveness of the resource sharing will be evaluated as part of the administrative review of each non-competing grant progress report (phs 2590). see section vi.3. reporting . 3. anticipated announcement and award dates not applicable section vi. award administration information 1. award notices after the peer review of the application is completed, the pd/pi will be able to access his or her summary statement (written critique) via the era commons . if the application is under consideration for funding, nih will request "just-in-time" information from the applicant. for details, applicants may refer to the nih grants policy statement part ii: terms and conditions of nih grant awards, subpart a: general ( http://grants.nih.gov/grants/policy/nihgps_2003/nihgps_part4.htm ). a formal notification in the form of a notice of award (noa) will be provided to the applicant organization. the noa signed by the grants management officer is the authorizing document. once all administrative and programmatic issues have been resolved, the noa will be generated via e-mail notification from the awarding component to the grantee business official (designated in item 12 on the application face page). if a grantee is not e-mail enabled, a hard copy of the noa will be mailed to the business official. selection of an application for award is not an authorization to begin performance. any costs incurred before receipt of the noa are at the recipient's risk. these costs may be reimbursed only to the extent considered allowable pre-award costs. see also section iv.5. funding restrictions . 2. administrative and national policy requirements all nih grant and cooperative agreement awards include the nih grants policy statement as part of the noa. for these terms of award, see the nih grants policy statement part ii: terms and conditions of nih grant awards, subpart a: general ( http://grants.nih.gov/grants/policy/nihgps_2003/nihgps_part4.htm ) and part ii terms and conditions of nih grant awards, subpart b: terms and conditions for specific types of grants, grantees, and activities ( http://grants.nih.gov/grants/policy/nihgps_2003/nihgps_part9.htm ). the following terms and conditions will be incorporated into the award statement and will be provided to the pi as well as to the appropriate institutional official, at the time of award. 2.a. cooperative agreement terms and conditions of award the following special terms of award are in addition to, and not in lieu of, otherwise applicable omb administrative guidelines, dhhs grant administration regulations at 45 cfr parts 74 and 92 (part 92 is applicable when state and local governments are eligible to apply), and other dhhs, phs, and nih grant administration policies. the administrative and funding instrument used for this program will be the cooperative agreement ( u01 ), an "assistance" mechanism (rather than an "acquisition" mechanism), in which substantial nih programmatic involvement with the awardees is anticipated during the performance of the activities. under the cooperative agreement, the nih purpose is to support and stimulate the recipients' activities by involvement in and otherwise working jointly with the award recipients in a partnership role; it is not to assume direction, prime responsibility, or a dominant role in the activities. consistent with this concept, the dominant role and prime responsibility resides with the awardees for the project as a whole, although specific tasks and activities may be shared among the awardees and the nih as defined above. the alliance of glycobiologists for detection of cancer and cancer risk will be comprised of several components: tumor glycome laboratories(tgl); the consortium for functional glycomics (cfg) funded by nigms; glycomics and glycotechnology resource centers funded by ncrr; and the early detection research network (edrn) funded by nci. the activities within the alliance will be integrated by its governing body, termed the coordination unit (cu). 2.a.1. principal investigator rights and responsibilities the pi will have the primary responsibility for coordinating all project activities scientifically and administratively at the awardee institution and with any collaborating institutions. the pi will assume accountability to officials of the awardee organization and to the nci for the performance and the proper conduct of the research supported by the u01 mechanism in accordance with the terms and conditions stated in the rfa. the pi will also operate in close coordination with the nci project scientist and cu in integrating his/her program with the broader scope of the alliance and be responsible for accepting and implementing the goals, priorities, procedures, and policies agreed upon by the cu. the pi will have the primary authority and responsibility to: define objectives and approaches, including research design and study development; coordinate activities of the components of his/her team, oversee data collection and quality control; and oversee data analysis and publication of the results. the pi will assume responsibility for managing collaborative projects approved by the cu. the pi will serve as a voting member of the cu, will attend the annual cu meeting, and participate in regular conference calls designated for alliance activities. in addition, the pi will attend at least one edrn- or cfg-sponsored meeting per year. attendance at these meetings is considered an essential part of the grant. the pi will be responsible for collaborating on common research designs or protocols, including methods and requirements for joint participation and collaboration as directed by the cu, and handling of data, including appropriate sharing of methods and data among collaborating organizations and submission of validation study protocols to the data management and coordinating center of edrn. the pi will be responsible for ensuring compatibility of pertinent bioinformatics data with nih-recommended standards, as described previously under plan for sharing research data of this rfa ca-07-020 . the pi will also be responsible for submission of novel glycan structures and glycomic profiles to the cfg for inclusion in its databases. awardees will retain custody of and have primary rights to the data and software developed under these awards, subject to federal government rights of access consistent with current dhhs, phs, and nih policies. 2.a.2. nih responsibilities an nih (nci) project scientist will have substantial programmatic involvement that is above and beyond the normal stewardship role in awards, as described below. the nci project scientist will have substantial scientific programmatic involvement during conduct of this activity, through technical assistance, initiation of collaborative projects, data sharing and analysis, composition of reports, and coordination with other research activities within the alliance or edrn. because of the alliances diverse research agenda, and the number of tasks that have to be accomplished to achieve its goals, nih staff members from nigms and ncrr will participate as needed to effectively foster necessary interactions between tumor glycome laboratories and various resource components of the alliance. a member from the biometry branch, division of cancer prevention, nci, will be available to assist the alliance on issues of study design, sample size, and other statistical computations. other nci staff may assist and advise the alliance on relevant programmatic and scientific issues through the nci project scientist. the project scientist will convene the initial meeting of the cu, and will be a voting member of the cu. additionally, an nci program official (not the person who will serve as the nci project scientist) will be responsible for the normal scientific and programmatic stewardship of the award and will be named in the award notice (i.e., the noa). 2.a.3. collaborative responsibilities coordination unit (cu): the cu will have major scientific management oversight and responsibility for developing collaborative research designs, protocols, facilitating the conduct and monitoring of studies, and reporting study results. all awardees will be required to accept and implement policies approved by the cu. the cu will be composed of the following full members: the pis from each tumor glycome laboratory of the alliance; one assignee from the cfg and one assignee from the edrn (the assignee may be either the chair, co-chair of the respective steering committees or other designated person); the nci project scientist; and a program director from the nigms . a program director from the ncrr. each full member will have one vote. the chair will be selected by the cu from among the pis of the tumor glycome laboratories. subcommittees or working groups will be established and maintained by the cu, as it deems appropriate; the nih cu members will serve on subcommittees as they deem appropriate. after all the alliance tumor glycome laboratories have been funded, the cu will convene and continue to meet on an annual basis. responsibilities of the cu include, but are not limited to: updating and refining established policies and procedures including those for collaborative projects, protocols, and alliance-defined projects; updating and refining established policies and procedures for reviewing changes in projects not showing translational significance at the request of the laboratories/centers; making recommendations to the nci for adjusting the scientific scope of funded projects; establishing procedures for submission of requests and allocations of collaborative resource funds; updating and refining established standards or decision criteria for validating biomarkers/reagents for further clinical studies, such as testing early detection strategies, or as risk factors; and updating and refining established policies and procedures for accepting, reviewing, and recommending proposals from investigators outside the alliance for collaborative research funds. the cu will promote and foster the inclusion of women and ethnic minorities in clinical validation studies and assure the completeness of informed consent. the cu will track alliance research progress and oversee the process of preparing the results of laboratory investigations and clinical studies for publication in peer-reviewed journals to ensure its timely manner and adherence to the publication policies of the alliance. the cu may also evaluate the validation data for biomarkers/reagents developed by the alliance, and decide when a biomarker is sufficiently validated, or recommend when to stop non-productive experiments relating to biomarker validation. data on testing clinical specimens will be submitted centrally to the edrn data management and coordinating center. the cu will define the rules regarding access to data and publications consistent with nci policies. the edrn data management and coordinating center will manage the logistics for the annual cu meetings. the cu, in consultation with the nci, will determine the pi of any alliance-wide validation study. collaborative resource funds: after the cu is formed and elects its chair, collaborative resource funds (cr funds) in the amount of $500,000 for the first year and $700,000 in subsequent years will be made available by the nci office of grants administration (oga) as a separately administered item in the cu chairs award. the chairs institution will not receive facilities and administrative (indirect) costs on the cr funds. the cr funds are reserved for post-award necessities of the alliance as listed below: cr funds can be allocated for the development of special resources needed by the alliance (for example, to enhance the resource capabilities of the cfg or ncrr carbohydrate research centers so as to enable special technologies to be used by the alliance). cr funds can be used to advance or expand the proposed research objectives of tumor glycome laboratories by subsidizing the procurement of reagents, services, or other resources offered by cfg or ncrr carbohydrate research centers. in addition, cr funds may support collection of clinical specimens for use by tumor glycome laboratories. cr fund requests by a pi for any of these purposes must be submitted to the cu. cr funds will support data analysis provided by the data management and coordinating center of edrn. the cu will be responsible for how cr funds are used. consensus of the cu for allocating cr funds for specific purposes will be determined by a majority vote. supplements from the cr funds will provide direct and appropriate facilities and administrative costs. there is flexibility to permit investigators outside the alliance to collaborate with a tumor glycome laboratory or bring their promising discoveries or platforms for inclusion in the research activities of the alliance. to support such efforts, the cu may allocate cr funds to supplement the investigators ongoing research provided that the focus of this collaboration is to meet the objectives of the alliance as specified in this rfa. the investigator, in turn must agree to share his/her research findings and participate in alliance research meetings and conference calls. recipients of cr funds that are outside the alliance, such as commercial laboratories, industrial partners, and outside investigators will be subjected to the resource sharing and intellectual property requirements set forth in section 6 of this rfa ca-07-020 under sharing research resources . awardees must advise cr fund recipients of these requirements. 2.a.4. arbitration process any disagreements that may arise in scientific or programmatic matters (within the scope of the award) between award recipients and the nih may be brought to arbitration. an arbitration panel composed of three members will be convened. it will have three members: a designee of the cu chosen without nih staff voting, one nih designee, and a third designee with expertise in the relevant area who is chosen by the other two; in the case of individual disagreement, the first member may be chosen by the individual awardee. this special arbitration procedure in no way affects the awardee's right to appeal an adverse action that is otherwise appealable in accordance with phs regulations 42 cfr part 50, subpart d and hhs regulations 45 cfr part 16. 3. reporting awardees will be required to submit the phs non-competing grant progress report, form 2590 annually ( http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/2590/2590.htm ) and financial statements as required in the nih grants policy statement. the nci is developing a policy that will require clinical terms of awards for clinical studies and trials when they are a component of the proposed research. the policy will require that studies be monitored commensurate with the degree of potential risk to study subjects and the complexity of the study. the new policy will be posted in the nih guide within a few weeks. all funded applicants will be expected to adhere to the new policy. section vii. agency contacts we encourage your inquiries concerning this funding opportunity and welcome the opportunity to answer questions from potential applicants. inquiries may fall into three areas: scientific/research, peer review, and financial or grants management issues: 1. scientific/research contacts: karl e. krueger, ph.d. division of cancer prevention national cancer institute 6130 executive boulevard, room 3147, msc 7362 bethesda, md 20892-7362 (for u.s. postal service or regular mail) rockville, md 20852 (for express/courier service) telephone: (301) 594-1044 fax: (301) 402-8990 e-mail: kruegerk@mail.nih.gov sudhir srivastava, ph.d., mph division of cancer prevention national cancer institute 6130 executive boulevard, room 3147, msc 7362 bethesda, md 20892-7362 (for u.s. postal service or regular mail) rockville, md 20852 (for express/courier service) telephone: (301) 435-1594 fax: (301) 402-8990 e-mail: srivasts@mail.nih.gov 2. peer review contacts: referral officer division of extramural activities national cancer institute 6116 executive boulevard, room 8041, msc 8329 bethesda, md 20892-8329 (for u.s. postal service or regular mail) rockville , md 20852 (for express/courier delivery) telephone: (301) 496-3428 fax: (301) 402-0275 e-mail: ncirefof@dea.nci.nih.gov 3. financial or grants management contacts: mr. shane woodward, mba office of grants administration national cancer institute fairview center building , suite 300 1003 west 7th street frederick , md 21701-4106 phone: (301) 846-5720 fax: (301) 846-5720 e-mail: woodwars@mail.nih.gov
RFA-AG-10-003,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity will use the nih p30 center core grant award mechanism(s). the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses non-modular budget formats described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). 2. funds available the estimated amount of funds available for support of four new and/or renewal awards as a result of this announcement is $2.9 m for fiscal year 2009 and $1.5 m for fy2010. the maximum allowable direct cost that may be requested is $800,000 per year. an applicant may request a project period of up to 5 years. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the nia provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation, see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. section
RFA-AI-12-018,ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the phs398 application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niaid intends to commit up to an estimated total cost of $70m in fy 2014. award budget application budgets are not limited, but need to reflect actual needs of the proposed project based on the size/scope of the ctu. for example, a ctu participating in 2-3 niaid hiv/aids clinical research networks and comprising 3-4 crss may expect core funding within the range of $1.2m-$2.0m total cost.. award project period the maximum period is 7 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-MH-12-130,section ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards oppnet intends to commit approximately $3,000,000 in fy 2012 to fund 5 to 15 grants in response to this foa. the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations, and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. award budget applications budgets may not exceed $500,000 direct costs per year. award project period the total project period for an application submitted in response to this foa may not exceed three years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DK-19-023,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards niddk intends to commit $2.3 million in fy 2020 to fund one award. award budget the application budget for dcc operating costs must not exceed $750,000 in direct costs per year, and should accurately reflect needs. additional budget can be requested as indicated in section iv.2, r&r or modular budget. award project period the maximum project period is five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-HD-20-016,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nichd intends to commit $11,700,000 for up to 9 awards. award budget application budgets are limited to $800,000 direct costs per year. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-CA-20-043,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the nci intends to commit $4 million (total cost) in fy 2021 to fund up to four awards. award budget the budget request (direct cost) for the entire application per year should not exceed $490,000 and $670,000 for two and three modeling groups, respectively. award project period a project period of up to five years may be proposed. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-DK-13-008,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the niddk intends to commit approximately $1.2 million in fiscal year 2014 to fund two to three awards. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget application budgets should match the amount of work proposed and are expected to approximate total costs of $400,000 and $600,000 per year (the direct cost limitations are $200,000 and $400,000 per year respectively). replace example text with appropriate text for activity code. if reporting a dollar value, please use direct costs rather than total costs. total costs are permissible, but may disadvantage some institutions because indirect costs vary. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-TR-12-006,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. this funding opportunity solicits u54 applications. successful applicants will receive support through the linked specialized center cooperative agreement mechanism which includes a primary ul1 award and a linked kl2 award with an optional tl1 linked award. application types allowed new. all applications, including those from institutions that currently have a ctsa award, will be considered as new applications. the oer glossary and the phs398 application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards ncats intends to commit approximately $110 million in fy 2013 to fund up to 18 awards in response to this foa. awards issued in response to this foa are contingent upon funds availability, the quality of applications received, and programmatic priorities. award budget the dollar amount an applicant may request is dependent on base institutional nih funding as described above. application budgets need to reflect actual needs of the proposed project. award project period applicants may request up to 5 years of support. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DK-17-035,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards niddk intends to commit up to $3 million per year for fiscal years 2018 through 2019, and up to $6 million per year for fiscal years 2020 through 2022 to fund 2-3 awards. ncats intends to commit up to $1,000 per year for fiscal years 2018 through 2022. award budget application budgets are limited to $750,000 direct costs per year for the 2-year ug3 phase, and $1.5 million direct costs per year for the 3-year uh3 phase. award project period the maximum project period is five years, contingent on completion of milestones and research objectives, including a 2-year ug3 phase and 3-year uh3 phase. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-AI-09-027,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this foa will use the r01 award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts (see sf424 (r&r) application guide ) . it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ). specifically, a u.s. organization submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs) should use the phs398 modular budget component. u.s. applicants requesting more than $250,000 in annual direct costs and all foreign applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component . 2. funds available the estimated amount of funds available for support of 5-10 projects awarded as a result of this announcement is $ 7.3m for fiscal year 20 10 . future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. an applicant may request a project period of up to 5 years. the annual direct costs that can be requested may not exceed $750,000 . requested budgets must be justified by the proposed research and will be evaluated by the review panel and program staff. niaid recognizes that some developmental projects with advanced components (gmp production, pre-clinical evaluation in non-human primates, etc.) may require annual direct costs exceeding $750,000. for such projects, applicants may seek prior approval by program staff to request annual direct costs greater than $750,000. note: applications with unapproved direct costs greater than $750,000 in any year will be deemed non-responsive and will not be reviewed. applicants may request up to a total of $300,000 in first-year costs for major equipment to ensure that research aims can be met and biohazards can be contained. prior approval from program staff, listed below under section vii. agency contact(s) must be obtained for requests for equipment that exceed this amount. unapproved equipment requests that exceed $300,000 will not be considered for funding . because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation, see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. section
RFA-HL-20-009,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications nhlbi intends to commit total costs of up to $1,300,000 in fiscal year (fy)2020 and in fy2021, $ 1,900,000 per year in fy2022 through fy2024, and $1,300,000 in fy 2025 to fund up to 3 awards. award budget application budgets are limited to direct costs of up to $415,000 in fy2020 and in fy2021 (ug3 phase), $580,000 per year in fy2022 through fy2024 (uh3 phase), and $415,000 in fy2025 (uh3 phase). award project period applicants may request up to 2 years for the ug3 phase and up to 4 years for the uh3 phase. the maximum project period is six years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-CA-15-001,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the nci and nibib intend to commit $3 million in fy 15 to fund 6 awards for the uh2 phase. award budget applicants may request up to $500,000 total costs for the uh2 phase per year and up to $1,000,000 total costs for the uh3 phase per year. award project period the proposed project period for the initial development phase (uh2) must not exceed 2 years (but may be shorter). the proposed project period for the second validation phase (uh3) must not exceed 3 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-RM-18-024,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the nih common fund (office of strategic coordination) intends to commit $1.0m per year in fy 2019-2022 to fund up to three awards, contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. award budget application budgets should not exceed $250,000 direct cost per year in fy 2019-fy 2022 and need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the maximum budget period is 4 years (fy 2019-2022). nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-HG-07-021,section ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity announcement (foa) will use the nih exploratory/ developmental grant (r21) award mechanism. the applicant will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see the modular applications and awards section of the nih grants policy statement . specifically, if you are submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs), use the phs398 modular budget component provided in the sf424 (r&r) application package and sf424 (r&r) application guide (see specifically section 5.4, modular budget component, of the application guide). all foreign applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component found in the application package for this foa. see not-od-06-096 , august 23, 2006. as this is an r21 rfa, competing renewal applications will not be accepted. 2. funds available because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the institute provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. the participating organization, nhgri, intends to commit approximately $2 million dollars total costs in fy2008 to fund 7 applications. an applicant may request a project period of up to 3 years and a budget for direct costs up to $200,000 dollars per year. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. f acilities and administrative (f &a ) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 , november 2, 2004.
RFA-CA-12-021,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations, and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. for the group of pqs covered by this foa (group d), the nci intends to fund approximately 10-15 r01 awards for both application rounds combined, corresponding to a total of up to $5-7 million for fiscal year 2013 and a similar amount for fiscal year 2014. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget application budgets are not limited, but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the total project period may not exceed 4 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DA-19-003,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nida intends to commit $2m to fund 2-3 awards in fy2019, fy2020, and fy2021. award budget application budgets are limited to direct costs of $450k/year for each year of the r61 phase and $650k/year for each year of the r33 phase, and should reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period application budgets are limited in time to a maximum of three years for the r61 phase and two years for the r33 phase. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-AI-19-028,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards niaid intends to commit $6m in fy 2020 to fund 2-4 awards. award budget applications budget are limited to up to $850,000 per year in direct costs and need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-HG-19-003,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nhgri intends to commit $1.25 m in fy 2020 to fund 2-4 awards. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is three years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-HD-18-011,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new renewal resubmission the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the nichd intends to commit up to $3.7m in fy 2018 to fund up to 8 awards. award budget award budgets are limited to $425,000 direct costs per year. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum period is 5 years. other award budget information personnel costs individuals designing, directing, and implementing the career development program may request salary and fringe benefits appropriate for the person months devoted to the program. salaries requested may not exceed the levels commensurate with the institution's policy for similar positions and may not exceed the congressionally mandated cap. if mentoring interactions and other activities with scholars are considered a regular part of an individual's academic duties, then mentoring and other interactions with scholars are non-reimbursable from grant funds. limited program-related administrative and clerical salary costs associated distinctly with the program that are not normally provided by the applicant organization may be direct charges to the grant only when they are in accordance with applicable cost principles. for institutions covered by omb circular a-21, this type of training program may qualify as a major project where administrative salaries are allowable as a direct cost. when specifically identified and justified, these expenses must be itemized in sections a and b, as appropriate, of the r&r budget. allowable costs: up to $25,000 may be requested to support all persons who are involved in designing, directing, and administering the k12 program. this may include the pd(s)/pi(s), training director, recruiting officer, or administrative, clerical, or other staff with responsibilities directly associated with the institutional career development program. maximum allowable cost is for all staff combined. items that may not be supported with k12 funds include: salaries and fringe benefits for the program mentors; salary and support for central institutional administrative personnel (e.g., budget officers, grant assistants, and building maintenance personnel), which are usually paid from institutional overhead charges; salary and support for administrative activities such as institutional public relations or health and educational services. scholar costs scholars are those individuals who directly benefit from the proposed activities and experiences involved in the career development program. scholar costs must be justified as specifically required for the proposed career development program and based on institutional policies for salaries paid to individuals in similar positions, regardless of the source of funds. these expenses must be itemized in the proposed budget. the chrcda program is designed to support 3 scholar positions per year at each of the awarded sites. the nichd will provide up to $125,000 in direct costs per year for each scholar. this amount includes salary, fringe benefits, and research and career development expenses as itemized below. salary and fringe benefits: scholars may receive up to $100,000 per year for salary and fringe benefits, consistent with the institution's salary scale. scholars must spend at least 9 person-months (equivalent to 75 percent) of full-time professional effort conducting research and research career development activities. the total salary requested for each scholar must be based on a full-time, 12-month staff appointment. it must be consistent with the established salary structure at the institution and with salaries actually provided by the institution from its own funds to other staff members of equivalent qualifications, rank, and responsibilities in the department concerned. if full-time, 12-month salaries are not currently paid to comparable staff members, the salary proposed must be appropriately related to the existing salary structure. the scholar's institution may supplement the nih salary contribution up to a level that is consistent with the institution's salary scale from non-federal sources; however, supplementation may not be from federal funds unless specifically authorized by the federal program from which such funds are derived. institutional supplementation of salary must not require extra duties or responsibilities that would interfere with the purpose of the program. research and career development support: within each scholar's $125,000 direct cost award, up to $25,000 per year may be allocated for research and career development costs. allowable research expenses may include 1) research expenses such as supplies, equipment and technical personnel, including expenses generated in the laboratories of the established investigators who serve as mentors; 2) travel to attend the annual scholar's meeting; 3) travel to receive training or attend scientific meetings; 4) tuition, fees, or books; 5) technical support for data analysis and statistical or computer services. these research and development costs must be related to the scholar's research activities. they cannot be pooled and used for other programs unrelated or indirectly related to the research activities of individual scholars. items that may not be supported with each scholar's research and career development support category include: direct support of the laboratories, travel, and research projects of the investigators serving as mentors beyond those expenses directly attributable to the scholar's project. other program related expenses consultant costs, equipment, supplies, travel for key persons, and other program-related expenses may be included in the proposed budget. these expenses must be justified as specifically required by the proposed program and must not duplicate items generally available at the applicant institution. other program-related expenses, including non-scholar travel and meeting costs, are limited to $25,000 per year. this allowance may be used for the pd(s)/pi(s), other faculty, or advisory committee members to attend the annual scholars meeting or other organizational/administrative meetings associated with the k12 program. items that may not be supported with k12 funds include: travel of the pd(s)/pi(s), training director, or program mentors to scientific meetings other than those involving k12 program-specific activities; patient care costs such as inpatient bed days or outpatient visits, except for clinical laboratory analyses essential for the scholars research; alterations and renovations. indirect costs indirect costs (also known as facilities & administrative [f&a] costs) are reimbursed at 8% of modified total direct costs (exclusive of tuition and fees, consortium costs in excess of $25,000, and expenditures for equipment), rather than on the basis of a negotiated rate agreement. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HL-12-015,section ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nhlbi expects to commit $4,000,000 total costs per year to support the award of up to 10 awards. award budget the maximum award budget is $250,000 direct costs per year. he facilities and admistration costs for first tier consortia are not considered against this submission threshold. award project period the maximum award period is four years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AA-20-007,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards niaaa intends to commit $5.0m in fy 2020 to fund 4 awards. award budget for aud treatment candidate compounds and combination aud and arod phase 2 candidate compounds, budgets must not exceed $1.0 m in direct costs per year. for alcohol-related organ damage (arod) treatment candidate compounds and combination aud and arod candidate compounds from lead optimization through phase 1, budgets must not exceed $1.0 m in direct costs per year for ind enabling studies and $500,000 direct cost per year for clinical phase 1. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-ES-18-002,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new renewal resubmissions from previous issuance(s) of this rfa are allowed the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards niehs intends to fund an estimate of up to 12 awards based on programmatic needs and availability of funds, corresponding to a total of up to approximately $25 million, for fiscal year 2020. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget applications may request a budget for direct costs of up to $1.75 million dollars for each year. award project period applications may propose a project period of up to 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-DK-17-510,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niddk intends to commit $1,500,000 in fy 2018 to fund one award. award budget the awards to the data coordinating center will be up to $900,000 in direct costs inclusive of consortium f&a for fiscal year 2018. patient care cost in support of the clinical centers should not be included in the application. post award, niddk will stablish a patient care cost fund to be administered by the dcc. award project period the maximum project period is five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-OD-16-001,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. the nih intends to commit up to $30,000,000 in fy 2016 to fund up to 15 awards. these will be multiyear funded awards beginning in fy2016. award budget applicants may request direct cost budgets of up to $315,000 for each of the four years of the award. the application should include a complete detailed budget for each year of study. award project period these are four year awards. no cost extensions are limited to up to only 8 months (10/30/2020) with this award. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-OD-19-014,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the participating institutes and centers intend to commit an estimated total of $20,000,000 to fund up to five awards, over 4 years at $5 million per year. award budget the maximum budget for a hub is $1,000,000 total costs per year. award project period the maximum project period is 4 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-RM-09-001,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this announcement utilizes the dp1 award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. 2. funds available this is a roadmap initiative. the nih common fund has set aside sufficient funds in fy2009 to provide at least 5-10 awards, contingent upon the availability of funds and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. awards will be for up to $500,000 in direct costs each year for five years, plus applicable facilities and administrative costs to be determined at the time of award. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-MH-20-202,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nih intends to fund an estimate of 4-6 awards, corresponding to a total of $2,000,000 for fiscal year 2020 to fund this foa and the companion foas. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget direct costs are limited to $450,000 over the entire project period, with no more than $225,000 in direct costs in any single year. award project period the total project period for an application submitted in response to this funding opportunity may not exceed three years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-DK-19-010,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards niddk intends to commit $3.6m in fy 2020 to fund up to four research core center awards. award budget application budgets are limited to $600,000 in direct costs per year award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-HD-13-008,section ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nichd intends to commit an estimated total of $2 million in fy 2013 to fund 4-6 applications in response to this foa. niaid intends to commit an estimated total of $500,000 in support of this foa. award budget requested direct costs should be limited to $350,000 per budget year, excluding consortium f & a. applications should not include cost escalations in future budget years. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this initiative, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds. award project period the total project period for an application submitted in response to this funding opportunity may not exceed five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-MD-09-004,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this foa will use the investigator-initiated research project grant (r01) award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. the applicant will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed research project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts (see sf424 (r&r) application guide ) . it also uses the modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ) . 2. funds available the total funds available in fy 2009 to support applications submitted in response to this foa are approximately $1.25 million including associated facilities and administrative (f&a) costs. the requested amount for individual awards may not exceed $250,000 direct costs per year for five years. it anticipated that 5-8 awards will be made in fy 2009. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation, see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AG-16-003,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nia intends to commit $350,000 in fy 2016 to fund 3-4 awards. award budget application budgets are limited to $50,000 in direct costs per year. award project period the project period is limited to 2 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DA-11-003,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this foa will use the r01 award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts (see sf424 (r&r) application guide ) . it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ) . specifically, a u.s. organization submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs) must use the phs398 modular budget component. u.s. applicants requesting more than $250,000 in annual direct costs and all foreign applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component. 2. funds available the nih will commit approximately$5 million to this funding initiative in 2011, allowing the support of 8-9 new r01 applications, for a total of approximately $24 million over the next 5 years. for this funding opportunity, budgets with direct costs ranging from $200,000 to $500,000 per year and time periods up to five years are expected. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AI-14-072,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niaid intends to commit $3.0 million in fy 2016 to fund 1-3 awards. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project period should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HD-06-008,ii. award information 1. mechanism(s) of support this funding opportunity will use the nih cooperative clinical research (u10) award mechanism(s). as an applicant, you will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this funding opportunity uses the just-in-time budget concepts. it also uses the non-modular budget format described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). a detailed categorical budget for the "initial budget period" and the "entire proposed period of support" is to be submitted with the application. the nih u10 is a cooperative agreement award mechanism. in the cooperative agreement mechanism, the principal investigator retains the primary responsibility and dominant role for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project, with nih staff being substantially involved as a partner with the principal investigator, as described under the section vi. 2. administrative requirements , "cooperative agreement terms and conditions of award". at this time, it is not known whether this funding opportunity will be re-issued. 2. funds available the nichd and orwh intend to commit approximately $ 6.6 million in fy 2007 to fund eight to ten new and/or competing continuation grants in response to this rfa for clinical sites, in addition to one new or competing continuation grant for the data coordinating center (dcc). an applicant for a clinical site may request a project period of up to five years and a budget for direct costs associated with base costs up to $200,000 per year. an applicant for the dcc may request a project period of up to five years and budget for direct costs up to $500,000 per year; in addition, the dcc should request not more than $2 million per year in years 02 through 05 in the patient care category for distribution of per-protocol costs to the clinical sites for approved protocols. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the nichd and orwh provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation; see not-od-05-004 .
RFA-AI-16-081,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niaid intends to commit $9.0 million in fy 2018 to fund 10-15 awards. award budget budgets for direct costs of up to $750,000 per year may be requested. applicants may also request up to an additional $300,000 in the first year of the award for major equipment to ensure that research objectives can be met and biohazards can be contained, totaling $1,050,000 direct costs. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-NS-18-043,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new resubmission revision the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards issuing ic and partner components intend to issue 8-10 awards in 2019. awards issued under this foa are part of funds set aside to support the heal (helping to end addiction long-term) initiative. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period total project duration of no more than 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-DA-17-014,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nida and partner components and agencies intend to commit an estimated total of $6.5 million in fy2017 to fund 8-10 ug3 awards. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations and successful completion of ug3 study benchmarks that permit continuation to the uh3 award. it is anticipated that 6-8 uh3 awards will be funded. award budget application budgets for ug3 projects must not exceed $400,000 in direct costs for any year of the project. application budgets for uh3 projects are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years: up to 2 years for the first phase (ug3) and up to 3 years for the second phase (uh3). nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DA-16-010,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nida intends to commit $3,000,000 in fy 2016 to fund 3-5 awards. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-CA-12-001,section ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed 1) renewal applications (phase iib competing renewal of qualifying parent sbir phase ii awards) 2) resubmission applications (only for phase ii b applications previously submitted in response to rfa-ca-10-009 , or rfa-ca-11-002 ) the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) sbir/sttr application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nci intends to commit $10,000,000, up to 10 awards in fy 2012. award budget budgets up to $1,000,000 total costs per year may be requested. award project period durations up to 3 years for the sbir phase iib bridge award (phase iib) may be requested. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DK-14-002,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new renewal resubmission the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the niddk will commit up to $4,500,000 in fy 2015 and $4,500,000 in fy 2016 to fund up to four grants during each fiscal year. award budget application budgets are limited to $750,000 direct costs, but need to reflect actual needs of the proposed center. this budget limit is exclusive of f&a costs for consortium and subcontract arrangements. it is anticipated that the award budget will be directly correlated to the breadth, quality and relevance to nutrition/obesity and related areas of the research base being served by the center. within the direct cost cap, up to $150,000 may be requested for the pilot and feasibility program. award project period the total project period for an application submitted in response to this funding opportunity may not exceed five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AA-19-005,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new resubmissions from rfa-aa-18-009 the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications niaaa intends to commit $3.0m in fy 2019 to fund 4 awards. award budget no more than $1.0 million direct costs per year may be requested for applications proposing ind enabling studies. no more than $500,000 direct costs per year for applications that propose only phase 2 human laboratory and proof-of-concept clinical trials. no more than $1.5 million may be requested by applications that proposing both ind enabling studies and phase 2 human laboratory and proof-of-concept clinical trials . award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-NS-14-003,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the ninds intends to commit approximately $9,000,000 in fiscal year 2014 to fund up to 4 new and/or renewal awards. the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. award budget applicants may request up to $1,000,000 direct costs per year (exclusive of facilities and administrative costs of subcontracts with collaborating institutions) with the following exception: applications containing a translational research project and/or a clinical component (i.e. a clinical research project plus a clinical core) may request up to $1,500,000 direct costs per year. requested budgets should be clearly justified by the research requirements of the proposed udall center. award project period 5 years nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-CA-17-017,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new resubmission (applies only to applications originally submitted in response to this foa or a predecessor pq foa, but only if the identical pq is being addressed.) the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? clinical trials not allowed for due dates on or after january 25, 2018: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. the nci intends to fund approximately 15-20 r01 awards per round, corresponding to a total set-aside of up to $15 million for two rounds in fiscal year 2018, and an equivalent amount for fy2019. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the total project period may not exceed 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DK-17-038,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards niddk intends to commit $1,300,000 in fy 2018 to fund 2-4 awards. award budget application budgets are limited to up to $500,000 direct costs, exclusive of any consortium/contractual facilities and administrative (f&a) costs, and need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period investigators may propose research projects for a maximum project period of 5 years. the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-CA-15-017,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nih intends to fund an estimate of 8-12 awards, corresponding to a total of $5 million, for fiscal year 2016. award budget direct costs are limited to a maximum of $300k in each year. award project period the maximum project period is 3 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AI-08-055,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity announcement (foa) will use the nih phased innovation award (r21/r33) that couples the phase i (r21) and phase ii (r33) exploratory/developmental research grant award mechanism. the combined r21/r33 application offers two advantages over the regular application process: (1) single submission and evaluation of both the r21 component and the r33 component as one application; and (2) minimal or no funding gap between the r21 and r33 phases. transition of the r21 to the r33 phase will be expedited and is dependent on the completion of negotiated milestones. milestones will be evaluated in the peer review process and negotiated with niaid program staff prior to award of the r21 phase. once they are achieved, the r33 phase will be considered. although applicants are solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project, the transition from the r21 feasibility phase, and eligibility for award of the r33 development phase, will be determined by niaid program staff. eligibility for transition to the r33 phase will be based on successful completion of the negotiated milestones, program priorities, and availability of funds. the r21 phase provides up to two years of funding for innovative hypothesis-driven projects supported by limited or no preliminary data to allow investigators to demonstrate feasibility of the proposed diagnostic innovation or developed technology using milestones. although preliminary data are not required, applicants are urged to supply preliminary data when possible, and in lieu of preliminary supporting data are urged to provide sufficient information to allow assessment of the rationale of the proposed hypothesis or concept. the r33 award provides a second phase for the support of additional innovative exploratory research initiated under the r21 mechanism for a period of up to three years, for a total period of support of five years. it is strongly recommended that applicants contact institute staff at an early stage in application development to discuss programmatic responsiveness of the proposed project. refer to the inquiries section of this foa for institute staff contacts. under this foa applicants may only submit for the combined r21/r33 (phased innovation award). applications for r21 or r33 support alone are not responsive to this foa. investigators seeking support solely through the r21 mechanism are encouraged to apply for the nih-wide r21 exploratory/developmental research grant program (see http://grants2.nih.gov/grants/guide/pa-files/pa-06-181.html , or other announcements). the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. for both the r21 and the r33 phases, applicants must complete and submit detailed budget requests using the sf424 research and related (r&r) budget component provided in the sf424 (r&r) application package and sf424 (r&r) application guide (see specifically section 4.7, r&r budget component of the application guide). modular budgets are not permitted for this funding opportunity. 2. funds available the total amount of funding that the niaid expects to award through this announcement is $1 .5 m illion in fy 2010. the anticipated number of awards for this announcement is five to seven grants. the niaid anticipates that a maximum of fifty percent (50%) of the funded r21 phase awards will progress to the r33 award. the total project period for an application submitted in response to this foa cannot exceed five years. support for the r21 phase cannot exceed two years and d irect costs are limited to $275,000 over the two-year award period, with a maximum of $200,000 in direct costs allowed in any single year . support for t he r33 award phase is limited to $300,000 in direct costs per year and cannot exceed three years . because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DA-16-011,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nida intends to commit $3,000,000 in fy 2016 to fund 3-5 awards. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AG-06-011,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity announcement (foa) will use the nih r21 award mechanism. the applicant will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. the r21 mechanism is intended to encourage new exploratory and developmental research projects. for example, such projects could assess the feasibility of a novel area of investigation or a new experimental system that has the potential to enhance health-related research. another example could include the unique and innovative use of an existing methodology to explore a new scientific area. these studies may involve considerable risk but may lead to a breakthrough in a particular area, or to the development of novel techniques, agents, methodologies, models, or applications that could have a major impact on a field of biomedical, behavioral, or clinical research. applications for r21 awards should describe projects distinct from those supported through the traditional r01 mechanism. applications submitted under this mechanism should be exploratory and novel. for example, long-term projects, or projects designed to increase knowledge in a well-established area, would not be appropriate for r21 awards. these studies should break new ground or extend previous discoveries toward new directions or applications. projects of limited cost or scope that use widely accepted approaches and methods within well established fields are better suited for the r03 small grant mechanism through the regular review cycle. information on the r03 program can be found at http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/r03.htm . this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses the modular budget formats (see the modular applications and awards section of the nih grants policy statement . specifically use the phs398 modular budget component provided in the sf424 (r&r) application package and sf424 (r&r) application guide (see specifically section 5.4, modular budget component, of the application guide). 2. funds available because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the nia provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. the total project period for an application submitted in response to this funding opportunity may not exceed 3 years. although the size of award may vary with the scope of research proposed, it is expected that applications will stay within the budgetary guidelines for an exploratory/developmental project. direct costs are limited to $350,000 over a three-year period, with no more than $200,000 in direct costs allowed in any single year. applicants may request direct costs in $25,000 modules, up to the total direct costs limitation of $350,000 for the combined three-year award period. the r21 mechanism limits the research plan to 15 pages and does not allow for renewals. the national institute on aging intends to commit approximately $1 ,500,000 dollars in fy20 07 to fund approximately 4-6 new applications. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. f acilities and administrative (f &a ) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 , november 2, 2004. section
RFA-TW-12-001,ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new the oer glossary and the phs398 application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards fogarty international center (fic) and its partner components intend to commit an estimated total of $1,300,000. award budget a paired grant process will be used in which the pair of applicants (one lmic-based and one u.s.-based institution) will submit two separate but tethered applications with separate budgets specific to each institution. the combined budget for each pair of applications is limited to $100,000 per year in total costs. this amount is to be divided between the budgets of the two applicant institutions as determined by the applicants, with at least half ($50,000) going to the lmic institution. award project period the maximum project period is two (2) years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-ES-11-001,section ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new renewal resubmission revision the oer glossary and the phs398 application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niehs intends to to commit $6 million for 3 - 4 awards award budget new or first-time applicants can apply for up to 4 years of support. new applications are limited to requests for no more than $600,000 in direct costs in the first year; $700,000 in direct costs in the second year; $800,000 in direct costs in the third year; and $900,000 in direct costs in the fourth year. renewal applications may request up to 5 years of support and up to $1,100,000 direct costs per year. for all applications, both new and renewal, the total request must include a community outreach and engagement core (coec) (formerly community outreach and education core (coec) and a minimum of $100,000 direct costs must be devoted to it each year. award project period new or first-time applicants can apply for up to 4 years of support. renewal applications may request up to 5 years of support. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-TW-08-010,ii. award information 1. mechanism(s) of support this funding opportunity will use the nih u01 award mechanism(s). the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. for the purposes of this foa, the national science foundation and the u.s. department of energy will transfer funds to the nih to co-support awards, except in the case of a doe federally funded research and development center (ffrdc) where the doe portion of an award will be made directly by doe. decisions as to allocation of funds from different agencies in an icbg award will be at the discretion of the participating agencies. in all cases, the combined maximum allowable direct costs available from all participating u.s. government sponsors will not exceed $600,000/year. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses non-modular budget formats described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). a detailed categorical budget for the "initial budget period" and the "entire proposed period of support" is to be submitted with the application. the funding opportunity is a cooperative agreement award mechanism. in the cooperative agreement mechanism, the principal investigator retains the primary responsibility and dominant role for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project, with nih staff being substantially involved as a partner with the principal investigator, as described under the section vi. 2. administrative requirements , "cooperative agreement terms and conditions of award". plans to continue this program after the initially awarded period of performance are indefinite at this time. an nih award will be made only to the pi's institution, which will subcontract with the other participating institutions. all group activities will be coordinated through the pi's institution. applicants must comply with phs policies concerning allowable costs. note that foreign institutions, through subcontracts, are eligible for facilities and administrative (f&a) costs of up to eight percent. questions about allowable costs may be directed to mr. bruce butrum, grants management officer, fic. under the cooperative agreement, a relationship between the awardee and the government is established in which the group is responsive to the requirements and conditions set forth in the foa. specifically, the pi defines the details for the project in response to the foa, retains primary responsibility for the performance of the group, and agrees to coordinate with the assistance of the government in all aspects of scientific and technical management of the project in accordance with the terms and conditions outlined under "terms and conditions of award." all policies and requirements that govern the grant program of the u.s. public health service apply, in particular, phs grants policy statement, dhhs pub. no. (oash) 90-50.000 (rev), october 1, 1990. 2. funds available the participating ic(s) including fic, nigms, nccam, ods and their agency partners nsf and doe intend to commit approximately $2.5 million dollars in fy 09 to fund two to three new and/or competing continuation grants in response to this foa. an applicant may request a project period of up to five years and a budget for direct costs up to $600,000 per year. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. the government has no plans at present to reissue this foa. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation, see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. section
RFA-DC-06-001,ii. the headquarters of the consortium is the home institution of the sc chair, who serves as the pi of the headquarters and implements the scientific, operational, and organizational policies of the consortium. the headquarters provides executive leadership for the consortium; it also disseminates information among the consortium pis, the advisory committee (ac; see below), the registry and the nidcd. the headquarters manages the logistics for the sc meetings and for consortium workshops/symposia.
RFA-NR-12-009,section ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the phs398 application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards it is anticipated that $2.1 million will be available to support scientifically meritorious applications responding to this p20 and the companion p30 foa constituting the fy2012 ninr centers initiative. award budget it is anticipated that support will be provided for up to 2-3 new p20 centers for building the research teams of the future. support may be requested for up to 5 years, not to exceed $300,000 total costs (direct plus f&a costs) per year. award project period scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-OD-19-012,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trial(s). need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards rfa with multiple ics/components (choice 1, preferred): the following nih components intend to commit the following amounts in fy 2020 obssr will commit approximately $1 million for each of the funding years award budget application budgets are limited to $200,000 direct costs. per year award project period the maximum project period is 4 years. other award budget information personnel costs individuals designing, directing, and implementing the research education program may request salary and fringe benefits appropriate for the person months devoted to the program. salaries requested may not exceed the levels commensurate with the institution's policy for similar positions and may not exceed the congressionally mandated cap. (if mentoring interactions and other activities with participants are considered a regular part of an individual's academic duties, then any costs associated with the mentoring and other interactions with participants are not allowable costs from grant funds). participant costs participants may be paid if specifically required for the proposed research education program and sufficiently justified. participant costs must be itemized in the proposed budget. allowable participant costs depend on the educational level/career status of the individuals to be selected to participate in the program. while generally not an allowable cost, with strong justification, participants in the research education program may receive per diem unless such costs are furnished as part of the registration fee. participants may also receive funds to defray partial tuition and other education-related expenses. expenses for foreign travel must be exceptionally well justified. individuals supported by nih training and career development mechanisms (k, t, or f awards) may receive, and indeed are encouraged to receive, educational experiences supported by an r25 program, as participants, but may not receive salary or stipend supplementation from a research education program. because the r25 program is not intended as a substitute for an nrsa institutional training program (e.g.,t32), costs to support full-time participants (supported for 40 hours/week for a continuous, 12-month period) are not allowable. other program-related expenses consultant costs, equipment, supplies, travel for key persons, and other program-related expenses may be included in the proposed budget. these expenses must be justified as specifically required by the proposed program and must not duplicate items generally available at the applicant institution. applicants must budget for travel costs for the pd/pi to attend a two-day pi meeting in each year of the support period. the meeting will be held in bethesda, md. indirect costs indirect costs (also known as facilities & administrative [f&a] costs) are reimbursed at 8% of modified total direct costs (exclusive of tuition and fees and expenditures for equipment), rather than on the basis of a negotiated rate agreement. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-HG-11-022,ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nhgri and nichd intend to commit $1.6 million in fy 2012. award budget the expected direct costs for each individual research group award are not to exceed $500,000 per year for each of the three years. award project period may 1, 2012 through april 30, 2015; a 36-month project period. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DK-10-013,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the phs398 application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niddk intends to commit $4 million in fy2011 to fund 3-5 awards. total funds allocated over five years $20 million.. award budget applications for year 1 budgets should be less than $500,000 direct costs and should reflect actual needs of the proposed project.. award project period scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum period is five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. section
RFA-DK-15-007,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niddk intends to commit $500,000 in fy 2016 to fund 1-2 awards. award budget application budgets are not limited, but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the maximum project period is five years. other award budget information personnel costs individuals designing, directing, and implementing the career development program may request salary and fringe benefits appropriate for the person months devoted to the program. salaries requested may not exceed the levels commensurate with the institution's policy for similar positions and may not exceed the congressionally mandated cap. if mentoring interactions and other activities with scholars are considered a regular part of an individual's academic duties, then mentoring and other interactions with scholars are non-reimbursable from grant funds. limited program-related administrative and clerical salary costs associated distinctly with the program that are not normally provided by the applicant organization may be direct charges to the grant only when they are in accordance with applicable cost principles. when specifically identified and justified, these expenses should be itemized in sections a and b, as appropriate, of the r&r budget. participant costs scholars are those individuals who benefit from the proposed activities and experiences involved in the career development program. scholar costs should be justified as specifically required for the proposed career development program and based on institutional policies for salaries paid to individuals in similar positions, regardless of the source of funds. these expenses should be itemized in the proposed budget. niddk will provide salary support of up to $100,000 per year. this amount does not include fringe benefits consistent with the institutional salary scale. scholars are required to devote 9 person-months (75%) of full-time professional effort conducting research and research career development activities. scholars who are urologic surgeons may request between 6 and 9 person-months (50% to 75%) of full-time professional effort conducting research and career development activities. the total salary requested for each scholar should be based on a full-time 12-month staff appointment. it should be consistent with the established salary structure at the institution and with salaries actually provided by the institution from its own funds to other staff members of equivalent qualifications, rank and responsibilities. the institution may supplement the nih salary contribution up to a level consistent with the institution's salary scale, but the supplementation may not be from federal funds unless specifically authorized by the federal program from which such funds are derived. institutional supplementation of salary should not require extra duties or responsibilities that would interfere with the purpose of this program. research and career development support: up to $55,000 per year per scholar may be requested for the following types of expenses: (a) research supplies, equipment and technical personnel; (b) tuition and fees related to didactic courses or career development; and (c) travel to research meetings or training. of the funds requested, $35,000 should specifically be used for support of the candidates' research -related activities to generate preliminary data (pilot projects or other research costs). other program related expenses consultant costs, equipment, supplies, travel for key persons, and other program-related expenses may be included in the proposed budget. these expenses should be justified as specifically required by the proposed program and should not duplicate items generally available at the applicant institution. indirect costs indirect costs (also known as facilities & administrative [f&a] costs) are reimbursed at 8% of modified total direct costs (exclusive of tuition and fees, consortium costs in excess of $25,000, and expenditures for equipment), rather than on the basis of a negotiated rate agreement. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HD-21-028,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nichd intends to fund one award for a total of $7,412,000 for fiscal year 2021 that includes base costs plus capitation costs. future year amounts will depend upon annual appropriations. award budget application budgets are limited by award amounts and should reflect the actual needs of the network protocols as they are completed over the project period. award project period the total project period may not exceed 4 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-AG-22-009,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed renewal new renewals are only allowed for awards previously funded under rfa-ag-16-010 that meet the non-responsiveness criteria for this foa. the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trial(s). need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nia intends to commit $450,000 in fy 2022 to fund three awards. award budget application budgets are limited to $139,000 in direct costs per year. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. other award budget information personnel costs individuals designing, directing, and implementing the research education program may request salary and fringe benefits appropriate for the person months devoted to the program. salaries requested may not exceed the levels commensurate with the institution's policy for similar positions and may not exceed the congressionally mandated cap. (if mentoring interactions and other activities with participants are considered a regular part of an individual's academic duties, then any costs associated with the mentoring and other interactions with participants are not allowable costs from grant funds). participant costs participants may be compensated for participation in activities specifically required by the proposed research education program, if sufficiently justified. participant costs must be itemized in the proposed budget. allowable participant costs depend on the educational level/career status of the individuals to be selected to participate in the program. while generally not an allowable cost, with strong justification, participants in the research education program may receive per diem unless such costs are furnished as part of the registration fee. participants may also receive funds to defray partial tuition and other education-related expenses. expenses for foreign travel must be exceptionally well justified. individuals supported by nih training and career development mechanisms (k, t, or f awards) may receive, and indeed are encouraged to receive, educational experiences supported by an r25 program, as participants, but may not receive salary or stipend supplementation from a research education program. because the r25 program is not intended as a substitute for an nrsa institutional training program (e.g.,t32), costs to support full-time participants (supported for 40 hours/week for a continuous, 12-month period) are not allowable. other program-related expenses consultant costs, equipment, supplies, travel for key persons, and other program-related expenses may be included in the proposed budget. these expenses must be justified as specifically required by the proposed program and must not duplicate items generally available at the applicant institution. indirect costs indirect costs (also known as facilities & administrative [f&a] costs) are reimbursed at 8% of modified total direct costs (exclusive of tuition and fees, expenditures for equipment and consortium costs in excess of $25,000), rather than on the basis of a negotiated rate agreement. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-GM-14-006,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new resubmission to rfa-gm-13-002 the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nigms intends to commit $3,000,000 in fy 2014 award budget application budgets are not limited, but must reflect actual needs of the proposed project. award project period scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum period is 4 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AI-06-009,section ii. award information 1. mechanism(s) of support this funding opportunity will use the multi-project cooperative agreement (u19) award mechanism. as an applicant, you will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this funding opportunity uses the just-in-time budget concepts. it also uses the non-modular budget format described in the phs 398 application instructions (see https://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). a detailed categorical budget for the "initial budget period" and the "entire proposed period of support" is to be submitted with the application. the nih u19 is a cooperative agreement award mechanism. in the cooperative agreement mechanism, the principal investigator retains the primary responsibility and dominant role for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project, with nih staff being substantially involved as a partner with the principal investigator, as described under the section vi. 2. administrative requirements , "cooperative agreement terms and conditions of award". it is anticipated that this funding opportunity will be re-issued in 2007. 2. funds available the participating ic(s) niaid and nimh intend to commit approximately $3.7 and $1.9 million dollars, respectively, in fy 2007 to fund 1-2 new and/or competing continuation grants each in response to this rfa. an applicant may request a project period of up to five years and a budget for direct costs that respects the following limits: for applicants proposing exclusively preclinical research throughout the 5 year term, $650,000 direct costs for the first year; for applicants proposing the use of large animals (e.g. non human primates), up to $775,000 direct costs in any year(s) that such large animals will be needed; and for applicants proposing clinical studies, up to $1.3 million direct costs in any year(s) in which clinical studies are being conducted. nimh encourages investigators to propose projects at the lower end of the budget spectrum, focusing on either preclinical ( in vitro and/or in vivo animal studies) or pilot clinical research. applicants are encouraged to develop plans to use existing infrastructure and organizational support to complement the award [including nih-sponsored general clinical research centers (gcrc, http://www.ncrr.nih.gov/clinical/cr_gcrc.asp ), institutional clinical and translational science awards (ctsa, http://www.ncrr.nih.gov/clinicaldiscipline.asp ), and centers for aids research (cfar, http://www3.niaid.nih.gov/research/cfar/ )]. these plans, and supporting documentation, should be included in the application. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation, see not-od-05-004 .
RFA-HL-05-014,section ii. award information 1. mechanism(s) of support this funding opportunity will use the r01 award mechanism. as an applicant, you will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this funding opportunity uses just-in-time concepts. it also uses the modular budget format described in the phs 398 application instructions (see https://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ). 2. funds available the nhlbi intends to commit approximately $4,000,000 dollars in fy 2006 to fund 10 to 12 new and/or competing continuation grants in response to this rfa. an applicant may request a project period of up to four years and a budget for direct costs up to $250,000 dollars per year. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation, see https://grants.nih.gov/grants/guide/notice-files/not-od-05-004.html .
RFA-CA-13-501,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed renewal the oer glossary and the phs 398 application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nci intends to commit up to $2 million in total costs in fy 2014 to fund one award. award budget the application budget needs to reflect the actual needs of the proposed consortium but must not exceed $2 million in total costs per year, with a total 5-year cost not to exceed $10,000,000. these amounts are inclusive of all facilities and administrative costs for both the awardee and consortium sites. award project period a project period of 5 years must be proposed. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HD-22-021,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? required: only accepting applications that propose clinical trial(s). need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the nichd and orwh intend to commit approximately $1.8 million in fiscal year 2022 to fund 6-8 grants. award budget an applicant may request a budget of up to $170,000 per year in direct costs. award project period an applicant may request a project period of five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-NS-16-001,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new revision the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards ninds intends to commit up to $20 million in fy 2016 to fund up to 30 awards. award budget applications may request up to $750,000 direct costs per year. investigators are encouraged to request what is actually well justified for their research program. in general, the request should be commensurate with the pd/pi's recent ninds support. award project period applications may request a maximum project period of eight years. initial budget period is five years, and an additional three years will be granted contingent upon an administrative review. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-MD-22-002,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new renewal resubmission the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s). need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nimhd intends to commit up to $35 million in fy 2022 to fund 7-8 awards. award budget center budgets are limited to $3,500,000 in annual direct costs, excluding alterations and renovation (a&r) costs in year 1 (see below) and recruitment costs in two designated years (see below). applications with research projects in all three focus areas (basic biomedical research, behavioral research and/or population science, and clinical/health services research) may request the full $3,500,000. applications with research projects in two focus areas may request up to $2,500,000 in annual direct costs. applications with research projects in one focus area may request up to $1,500,000 in annual direct costs. significant justification is expected if requesting the maximum limit. this foa will also provide up to $500,000 in direct costs for a&r in addition to the overall direct cost caps above, only in year one of the award period, as a one-time cost expenditure for a center. this foa will also provide up to $250,000 in direct costs per year for recruitment package in addition to the overall direct cost caps above, only in two pre-designated years of the award period for a center. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-MH-18-510,section ii.7 of the brain 2025 report. specifically, this foa solicits applications from early-stage postdoctorates to acquire mentored research training using cutting-edge tools, theories and/or approaches in one of the seven, high-priority areas of the brain initiative including neuroethics. given the expressed need to bring those trained in quantitative disciplines to neuroscience research, applications from individuals obtaining terminal doctorates in quantitative disciplines are encouraged. for brain initiative awards to date, see http://www.braininitiative.nih.gov/funding/fundedawards.htm . specific objectives of this foa the integrated program of research and training supported by this foa is intended for postdoctorates who are early in their postdoctoral training period in a given laboratory or research environment, rather than for advanced postdoctorates. support for early postdoctoral training will maximize the training potential of this fellowship award. given the interval when applications will be accepted (from 12 months prior to completing terminal degree requirements to 12 months after starting postdoctoral training), it is recognized that some applicants are unlikely to have had the opportunity to generate preliminary data for the proposed project. accordingly, it is expected that there will be no preliminary data in the application, although inclusion of preliminary data is permissible. the proposed research and training plan should focus on a research area and/or skill set that clearly and strongly complements the applicant's existing research expertise and skills and that will markedly broaden the applicant's knowledge and skills. for example, an applicant with existing skills in molecular neuroscience might propose a research training plan that emphasizes circuit-level neuroscience approaches to brain function. an applicant with existing neuroscience training might propose a research training plan that emphasizes neuroethics. an applicant trained in physics or statistics might propose a research training plan that emphasizes data-intensive/computational approaches to neuroscience. an applicant with research experience using non-human vertebrate animals might propose a research training plan using human subjects. the application should consist of a well-conceived scientific project, integrated with a comprehensive training plan, which is designed by a collaborative discussion between the applicant fellow and sponsor. in addition to preparing the candidate to be a subject matter expert in the proposed research area and to acquire new technical skills, the research and training plans are expected to provide the candidate with a strong understanding of the principles of experimental design and the tools for rigorous analytical approaches. given that neuroethics research may involve analysis of large qualitative data sets, applicants proposing research in this domain are expected to propose didactics and training that will develop state-of-the-art analytical skills appropriate for such data sets. in contrast, applicants proposing experimental neuroscience research and/or modeling are expected to propose didactics and training that will enable them to develop state-of-the-art quantitative skills, the principles of quantitative analysis, and to incorporate quantitative approaches that are appropriate to answer the proposed research question. applicants proposing a computational/modeling project are encouraged to gain exposure to the biological approaches from which the data sets they'll model are derived. further, the proposed research and training plan should enhance the individual's potential to develop into a productive, independent researcher by providing committed mentorship, appropriate training and career development opportunities, and strong institutional support. the training plan should document the need for, and the anticipated value of, the proposed mentored training in relationship to the individual's research career goals and the individual's prior research training. the training plan should be explicitly designed to prepare the fellow to transition to the next stage of his/her research career. it is expected that the mentored training experience will provide: a strong foundation in quantitative reasoning, research design, methods, statistics and analytic techniques appropriate to the proposed research and sufficient to ensure that the applicant has the knowledge and skills to generate robust and reproducible data; experience conducting research using appropriate, state-of-the-art tools and approaches relevant to the goals of the brain initiative, and an expert understanding of the tools and methods used; opportunities to present research findings at national meetings as the work progresses; opportunities to publish the research findings as first author; opportunities to interact with members of the scientific community at appropriate scientific meetings and workshops including brain initiative investigator meetings; and professional skills needed to transition to the next stage of the applicant's research career. to be considered responsive to this foa, the proposed research training plan must be relevant to the scientific goals of the brain 2025 report, as described in the required other attachment for this application (see section iv.2. sf424(r&r) other project information below). applications that are not relevant to one or more goals of the brain 2025 report will not be reviewed. pre-submission consultation applicants are strongly encouraged to consult with nih scientific/research staff when planning an application. early contact provides an opportunity for nih scientific/research staff to provide guidance on program scope and appropriateness of the proposed research and training for potential funding in response to this foa. applicants should contact nih scientific/research staff as early as possible before the due date. pre-submission technical assistance webinar a technical assistance webinar will be held for potential applicants on tuesday, december 12, 2017 at 1:00-2:30pm est. the intent of the webinar is to provide an overview of the foa and to address questions pertinent to preparing an application. participation in the webinar, although encouraged, is optional and is not required for application submission. to obtain access information, please email brain.initiative.training@nih.gov at least 48 hours prior to the scheduled webinar and specify "brain f32 webinar" in the subject line of the email. access information will be sent the day before the webinar. prospective applicants are encouraged to submit their questions or comments regarding the foa to brain.initiative.training@nih.gov at least 48 hours prior to the scheduled webinar. please indicate "brain f32 webinar" in the subject line of your email. note : this funding opportunity announcement (foa) does not allow applicants to propose to lead an independent clinical trial, but does allow applicants to propose research experience in a clinical trial led by a sponsor or co-sponsor.
RFA-DK-06-004,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this foa uses just-in-time concepts. it also uses the modular budget formats (see the modular applications and awards section of the nih grants policy statement . specifically, if you are submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs), use the phs398 modular budget component provided in the sf424 (r&r) application package and sf424 (r&r) application guide (see specifically section 5.4, modular budget component, of the application guide). exploratory/developmental grant support is for new projects only; competing renewal (formerly competing continuation ) applications will not be accepted. 2. funds available because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the institutes and centers (ics) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. the participating organization(s), n iddk, nhlbi and nei , intend to commit approximately $3 million dollars in fy2 007 to fund 8-12 applications. at this time, it is not known if competing renewal applications will be accepted and/or if this f o a will be reissued. in most cases, an applicant may request a project period of up to 2 years and a total budget for direct costs up to $300,000 for the entire project. these projects will be funded under the special type 1 diabetes appropriation that ends in 2008. therefore, projects can only request two years of funding. an exception would be clinical studies that might request a third year at reduced costs for data analysis. applicants may request a total of $600,000 in direct costs with budgets not exceeding $250,000 in any one year for clinical studies involving expensive imaging studies or measurements on a large number of stored clinical specimens. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this rfa . f acilities and administrative (f &a ) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 . section
RFA-MH-21-175,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new renewal resubmission revision the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials. need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards issuing ic and partner components intend to commit an estimated total of $8 million to fund 6-9 awards. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 3 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-HD-14-019,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the nichd intends to commit up to $778,000 in total costs for one award in fy 2014. award budget application budgets are limited to $720,037 in direct costs, but must reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is five years. other award budget information personnel costs individuals designing, directing, and implementing the career development program may request salary and fringe benefits appropriate for effort devoted to the program. salaries requested may not exceed the levels commensurate with the institution's policy for similar positions and may not exceed the congressionally mandated cap. if mentoring interactions and other activities with scholars are considered a regular part of an individual's academic duties, then mentoring and other interactions with scholars are non-reimbursable from grant funds. salary and fringe benefits may be requested for the following personnel if applicable and justified: pd/pi for up to 1.2 person-months of effort up to 1.2 person-months effort for an administrative assistant with responsibilities directly associated with the k12 program up to 1.2 person-months effort for a recruiting officer, to enhance participation in the program by women, members of minority groups that are underrepresented in biomedical research, and individuals with disabilities. limited program-related administrative and clerical salary costs associated distinctly with the program that are not normally provided by the applicant organization may be direct charges to the grant only when they are in accordance with applicable cost principles. for institutions covered by omb circular a-21, this type of training program may qualify as a major project where administrative salaries are allowable as a direct cost. when specifically identified and justified, these expenses must be itemized in sections a and b, as appropriate, of the r&r budget. items that may not be supported with k12 grant funds include: salaries and fringe benefits for program mentors; salary and support for central institutional administrative personnel (e.g. budget officers, grant assistants, and building maintenance personnel), which are usually paid from institutional overhead charges; salary and support for administrative activities such as institutional public relations or health and educational services. participant (scholar) costs scholars are those individuals who benefit from the proposed activities and experiences involved in the career development program. scholar costs must be justified as specifically required for the proposed career development program and based on institutional policies for salaries paid to individuals in similar positions, regardless of the source of funds. these expenses must be itemized and justified in the proposed budget. candidates receive two to three years of intense career development training in a basic or clinical science discipline with an established investigator serving as mentor. the program is designed to support an average of six scholars per year. funds for prospective scholars should be itemized on the r & r budget, with indication of the number of positions requested. individual scholars are eligible for up to $75,000 per year in salary, plus fringe benefits, consistent with the institution's salary scale. the institution may supplement the nih salary contribution up to a level that is consistent with the institution's salary scale; however, supplementation may not be from federal funds unless specifically authorized by the federal program from which such funds are derived. the total salary requested must be based on a full-time, 12-month staff appointment and requires scholars to devote a minimum of 9 person-months (75% full-time professional effort) of full-time professional effort to conducting career development and health-related research, with the remaining effort being devoted to activities related to the development of a successful research career. for information regarding nih policy on determining full-time professional effort for career awards, see http://grants1.nih.gov/grants/guide/notice-files/not-od-04-056.html . for each scholar, up to $10,000 in additional funds may be budgeted each year to help defray the costs of materials, supplies, technical assistance, and miscellaneous expenses generated by the scholar's research in the departments and laboratories of the established investigators who serve as mentors. in specific cases, grant funds may also be used for tuition, fees, and books related to career development. up to $3,500 per scholar in travel funds may be budgeted to attend annual pcctsdp functions and other professional meetings. total awards to individual scholars need not be equal across these different budget categories. other program related expenses allowable costs include: funds for expenses specific to the administration of this program and not typically covered by institutional overhead charges, including supplies, equipment, consultant costs, telephone, or maintenance contracts for equipment. these expenses must be justified as specifically required by the proposed program and must not duplicate items generally available at the applicant institution. travel expenses for the pd/pi to attend the annual pcctsdp meetings. travel expenses for members of the advisory committee to attend the annual pcctsdp meetings and any other meetings required for the management or evaluation of the k12 program. limited travel funds for featured speakers and former scholars to attend annual pcctsdp meetings for the purpose of providing career development guidance to those currently in the program. items that may not be supported with k12 funds include: direct support of the mentor's laboratories beyond those expenses directly attributable to the scholar's project; travel of the pd/pi, mentors, other investigators to scientific meetings beyond those associated with the administration of the pcctsdp; patient care costs such as inpatient bed days or outpatient visits, except for clinical laboratory analyses essential for the scholar's research; alterations and renovations. indirect costs indirect costs (also known as facilities & administrative [f&a] costs) are reimbursed at 8% of modified total direct costs (exclusive of tuition and fees, consortium costs in excess of $25,000, and expenditures for equipment), rather than on the basis of a negotiated rate agreement. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-MH-20-350,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new resubmission revision the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nimh intends to commit $4.5 million in fy 2020 and in fy 2021 to fund 5 or more awards across the r01 funding opportunity and r21 companion funding opportunity. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-DA-21-026,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nida intends to commit $1,500,000 in fy 2021 to fund 3 to 4 awards. award budget application budgets are limited to no more than $500,000 direct cost. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-HL-14-019,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the following nih components intend to commit the following amounts (total cost) in fy 2014: national heart, lung, and blood institute, $3,000,000, 6 awards national institute on aging, $1,000,000, 2 awards national institute on deafness and other communication disorders, $500,000, 1 award national institute on drug abuse, $500,000, 1 award national institute of nursing research, $500,000, 1 award national center for complementary and alternative medicine, $500,000, 1 award award budget application budgets are limited to $350,000 in direct costs for the uh2 phase and $500,000 in direct costs for each year of the uh3 phase award project period the uh2 phase will be one year in length and the uh3 phase may be up to 4 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-LM-20-002,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nlm intends to commit $800,000 in fy 2021 to fund 1 award. award budget applicants may request up to $610,000 in direct costs per year. application budgets need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the proposed project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-DA-22-010,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new resubmission the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s). need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nida expects to fund 4 to 6 projects in fy2022 totaling $2,000,000 in direct cost. nida expects to fund 4 to 6 projects in fy 2023 totaling $2,000,000 in direct cost. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-AG-18-025,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nia intends to commit $6 million in fy 2018 to fund 8-10 awards. the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. award budget application budgets need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project and should be limited to no more than $500,000 in direct costs per year. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-DK-16-509,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niddk intends to commit up to $8 million in fiscal year 2017 to support the continuation of edic under rfa-dk-16-508 and rfa-dk-16-509. it is expected that one award will be made for the biostatistics research center under this foa. up to one additional award will be made to the edic clinical research center under companion rfa-dk-16-508. award budget the application budget is limited to $2.5 million per year in direct costs for the entire project period (exclusive of subcontract f&a). budgets should reflect the actual needs of the proposed project award project period the maximum project period is five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-RM-10-012,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity will use the u54 award mechanism(s). this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses non-modular budget formats described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). this funding opportunity will use a cooperative agreement award mechanism. in the cooperative agreement mechanism, the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) retains the primary responsibility and dominant role for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project, with nih staff being substantially involved as a partner with the principal investigator, as described under the section vi. 2. administrative requirements , "cooperative agreement terms and conditions of award". the funding opportunity may be continued for an additional five year period, depending on the results of a program review in the 3rd or 4th year of the initial project , but new foas will be issued rather than accept applications for a renewal of this foa . 2. funds available up to $7.5 million in total costs over 5 years is to be awarded through the foa. it is anticipated that one award will be made. it is anticipated that the awards will be funded in june 2011 for 5 years. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation, see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. section
RFA-HD-10-020,ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new renewal applications funded under prior issuance of this foa are permitted in response to this foa. resubmission applicants may submit a resubmission of an application originally submitted under a prior issuance of this foa, but such application must include an introduction addressing the previous peer review critique (summary statement). revision the oer glossary and the phs398 application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the nichd intends to commit approximately $3.1 million in total costs [direct plus facilities and administrative (f & a) costs] in fy 2011. the nichd anticipates funding five new and/or renewal (formerly competing continuation) grants in response to this foa. direct cost requests should be made on the basis of the number of active population scientists in the center, the centers impact and productivity, and the center's external funding for population science research within the dbsb mission. as a general rule, nichd expects budget requests for r24 applications to average approximately $17,000 direct costs annually for each active population scientist (see additional guidelines below). an individual who is counted as an active population scientist must hold a permanent (tenured or non-tenured) appointment with the applicant institution; trainees, post-doctoral fellows and visiting professors are excluded. active population scientists must be engaged in population science research within the dbsb mission and this engagement must be demonstrated by the scientist satisfying at least two of the following three criteria: 1) externally-funded research grants or contracts within the three most recently completed federal fiscal years 2008, 2009, and 2010, which ends september 30; 2) publications in peer-reviewed journals during the three most recently completed federal fiscal years; and papers in preparation and plans for future population science research. 3) qualifying grants or contracts must be from a source outside the applicant institution. centers requesting higher levels of support than the general rule outlined above should justify their funding request by providing evidence that the center has produced and will continue to produce population science research or public infrastructure of exceptionally high impact to population science overall. renewal applications may request no more than a 20% increase over the direct costs awarded in the last non-competing (type 5) year. all applicants from centers with prior dbsb research infrastructure support renewals and recipients of developmental infrastructure grants must justify increases in the requested funding level over the direct costs awarded in the last non-competing (type 5) budget year by demonstrating that prior dbsb research infrastructure support increased the impact and pace of the centers population science research. as a general rule, for general and specialized research infrastructure r24 applications, nichd expects that the first year direct cost budget request will not exceed the annual direct costs from grants and contracts for population science research within the dbsb mission that the center has received in the last year. for public infrastructure only r24 applications, applicants should justify their funding requests by providing evidence that the public infrastructure provided will increase the impact of population science research within dbsbs mission. award budget nichd expects requested direct costs to range from $100,000 to $750,000. requests for specialized research infrastructure support or for public infrastructure only support should not exceed $150,000 direct costs. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. award project period the total project period for an application submitted in response to this foa may not exceed five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-CA-18-027,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards issuing ic and partner components intend to commit an estimated total of $2,000,000 in fy2019 to fund up to 3 awards. award budget application budgets are limited to $500,000 in direct costs in any one year. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-MH-11-091,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this foa will use the nih exploratory/developmental grant (r21) award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts (see sf424 (r&r) application guide ) . it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ) . specifically, a u.s. organization submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs) must use the phs398 modular budget component. u.s. applicants requesting more than $250,000 in annual direct costs and all foreign applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component. 2. funds available the nimh intends to commit approximately $2,000,000 in fy 2011 to fund four to six applications in response to this funding opportunity and the companion r21 and r34 foas. the total project period for an application submitted in response to this foa may not exceed 2 years. budgets for direct costs may not exceed $275,000 over the r21 2-year period, with no more than $200,000 in direct costs allowed in any single year. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the nimh provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AG-16-011,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new renewal resubmission the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nia intends to commit approximately $3.1 million in fy2016 to fund 3 awards and approximately $1 million in fy2017 to fund 1 award. award budget application budgets are limited to $800,000 in annual direct costs. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DA-12-005,section ii. award information funding instrument grant. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the phs398 application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nida intends to commit $3,000,000 in fy 2012. award budget the budget limit of each application is $1m in any given year in direct costs. applicants may request support for up to 5 years (a total of $5m direct costs).. award project period the maximum period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-NS-14-007,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the nih blueprint program intends to commit approximately $7,500,000 to fund an estimated 10-15 awards. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period awards may be requested for up to 3 years of support. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AI-08-066,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity will use the resource-related research projects cooperative agreement (u24) award m echanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses non-modular budget formats described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). this funding opportunity will use a cooperative agreement award mechanism. in the cooperative agreement mechanism, the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) retains the primary responsibility and dominant role for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project, with nih staff being substantially involved as a partner with the principal investigator, as described under the section vi. 2. administrative requirements , "cooperative agreement terms and conditions of a ward". plans beyond the current funding opportunity are indefinite. 2. funds available the estimated amount of funds available for support of one project awarded as a result of this announcement is $ 600,000 total costs for fiscal year 20 10 . future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. an applicant may request a project period of up to five years. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation, see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. section
RFA-DK-19-022,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards niddk intends to commit $2.7 million in fy 2020 to fund up to ten awards. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. no more than $175,000 in direct costs per year may be requested for support of pds/pis and travel. award project period the maximum project period is five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-RR-07-002,ii. award information 1. mechanism(s) of support this funding opportunity will use the p40 award mechanism. as an applicant, you will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this funding opportunity uses the just-in-time budget concepts. it also uses the non-modular budget format described in the phs 398 application instructions (see https://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). a detailed categorical budget for the "initial budget period" and the "entire proposed period of support" is to be submitted with the application. the nih p40 is a resource grant mechanism. under the p40 mechanism, the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) is responsible for maintaining a resource center with the following basic characteristics: the resource must be able to store master cell banks, plasmids, and other gene vector related products the resource must be prepared to archive biological materials from subjects who may be at risk from exposure to gene therapy the resource must provide a reasonable estimate of the demand for suitable storage space and include a plan to make an adequate amount of space available to meet the demand. the resource must maintain a web-based catalogue of stored materials the resource must develop and maintain a generally accessible and searchable pharmacology-toxicology database the resource must have a research component to advance understanding and evaluation of toxicities related to gene therapy the resource must serve the needs of and be available to all nih-supported investigators whose work is in the field of gene therapy contingent upon demonstrated use of the facility, ncrr may fund the ngvbcc beyond the three years of this award. at this time, however, the ncrr does not know whether it will use the same funding mechanism and accept competing renewal (formerly competing continuation) applications, whether if it will reissue this foa, or whether it will employ a different funding mechanism. 2. funds available although the financial plans of the ncrr provides support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. the total project period for an application submitted in response to this funding opportunity may not exceed 3 years. ncrr intends to commit approximately $660,000 dollars in direct costs in fy2008 to fund a single application. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004, november 2, 2004. the anticipated start date for the 3-year award is march 1, 2008. section
RFA-CA-18-004,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new resubmission the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nci intends to fund an estimate of 4 awards, corresponding to a total of $1,000,000, for fiscal year 2019. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget direct costs are limited to $400,000 over a 3-year period, with no more than $200,000 in direct costs allowed in any single year. application budgets must reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the total project period request may not exceed 3 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-GM-11-008,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity will use the u01 cooperative agreement award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses non-modular budget formats described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). this funding opportunity will use a cooperative agreement award mechanism. in the cooperative agreement mechanism, the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) retains the primary responsibility and dominant role for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project, with nih staff being substantially involved as a partner with the principal investigator, as described under the section vi. 2. administrative requirements , "cooperative agreement terms and conditions of award". projects funded as cooperative agreement projects may be continued beyond the initial award period through application for an award in response to any appropriate foa. plans to reissue this foa in the future are indefinite . 2. funds available the national institute of general medical sciences intends to commit up to $1.5 million dollars in total cost in fy 2011 to fund one award with an expected budget range from $800,000-$1.0 million direct cost per year in response to this foa. annual cost of living increases should not exceed 3%. an applicant may request a project period of up to five years. one award will be made assuming an application of sufficient merit is received. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation, see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. section
RFA-HD-21-005,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nichd and partner components intend to commit $3,000,000 in fy2021 to fund 2-3 awards. award budget application budgets are limited to a maximum of $1,000,000 per year in direct costs but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed projects. award project period a maximum project period of 5 years is allowed. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-GM-14-004,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new resubmission of applications previously submitted to rfa-gm-13-004 the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nigms intends to commit $1,800,000 in fy 2014. award budget the maximum award budget is $250,000/year direct costs. award project period the maximum award project period is 4 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HL-18-019,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nhlbi intends to commit total costs of $3,750,000 per year in fiscal years 2018 through 2022 to support up to 5 awards. award budget application budgets may not exceed direct costs of $500,000 per year in fiscal years 2018 through 2022. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum period of the combined r61 and r33 phases is five years, with up to two years for the r61 phase and up to four years for the r33 phase. applications with a project period less than five years are encouraged where feasible. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-MH-15-330,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new resubmission revision the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nimh intends to commit approximately $3 million dollars across fy 2015 and fy 2016 to fund 10 new awards in response to this foa and the companion announcements. award budget direct costs are limited to $450,000 over the r34 project period, with no more than $225,000 in direct costs allowed in any single year. award project period the total project period for an application submitted in response to this funding opportunity may not exceed three years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AG-08-003,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity announcement (foa) will use the nih research project grant ( r01) award mechanism. the applicant will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ). specifically, if you are a u.s. organization and are submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs), use the phs398 modular budget component provided in the sf424 (r&r) application package and sf424 (r&r) application guide (see specifically section 5.4, modular budget component, of the application guide). u.s. applicants requesting more than $250,000 in annual direct costs and all foreign applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component found in the application package for this foa. see not-od-06-096 , august 23, 2006. 2. funds available because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the institutes and centers (ics) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. the participating organization(s) national institute on aging (nia) and national institute of child health and human development (nichd ) intend to commit approximately $2.2 million (direct plus indirect costs) dollars in fiscal year 20 08 to fund 5-6 applications submitted in response to this foa. in general, the total project period for an application submitted in response to this funding opportunity should not exceed three years. however, total project periods of up to 5 years may be requested when appropriate to the nature of the proposed study and adequately justified. direct costs are limited to $275,000 in any year of requested funding. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. f &a costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 , november 2, 2004. section
RFA-NS-13-016,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. nih intends to fund one (1) award under this foa, corresponding to a total of $1,125,000, for fiscal year 2014. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget the expected direct cost for individual awards is up to $750,000 per project year. award project period the project period is limited to 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AG-18-017,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. the following nih components intend to commit the following amounts in fy 2018: nia, $1,250,000, up to 3 awards nidcd, $750,000, up to 2 awards award budget application budgets are limited to $500,000 in direct costs per year. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HL-22-011,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed resubmission new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials. note: applicants may propose to gain experience in a clinical trial led by a mentor/co-mentor as part of their research career development. need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nhlbi intends to commit total costs up to $48,600,000 fund up to 60 new awards combined for this and the companion funding opportunity, rfa-hl-22-010 , in fiscal years 2022, 2023, and 2024. award budget award budgets are composed of salary and other program-related expenses, as described below. application budgets must not exceed $150,000 per year in direct costs. however, applications should reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the total project period may not exceed 5 years. other award budget information salary nih will contribute up to $100,000 per year toward the salary of the career award recipient. further guidance on budgeting for career development salaries is provided in the sf424 (r&r) application guide. see also not-od-17-094. the total salary requested must be based on a full-time faculty appointment. the salary must be consistent both with the established salary structure at the institution and with salaries actually provided by the institution from its own funds to other staff members of equivalent qualifications, rank, and responsibilities in the department concerned. if full-time, 12-month salaries are not currently paid to comparable staff members, the salary proposed must be appropriately related to the existing salary structure. confirmation of salary may be required prior to the issuance of an award. fringe benefits, based on the sponsoring institution's rate and the percent of effort, are provided in addition to salary. the sponsoring institution may supplement the nih salary contribution up to a level that is consistent with the institution's salary scale. however, supplementation may not be from federal funds unless specifically authorized by the federal program from which such funds are derived. in no case may phs funds be used for salary supplementation. institutional supplementation of salary must not require extra duties or responsibilities that would interfere with the purpose of the career award. the total nih contribution to salary may not exceed the legislatively mandated salary cap. see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/policy/salcap_summary.htm . other program-related expenses nhlbi will contribute up to $30,000 per year toward the research development costs of the award recipient, which must be justified and consistent with the stage of development of the candidate and the proportion of time to be spent in research or career development activities. these funds may be used for the following expenses: (a) tuition and fees related to career development; (b) research-related expenses, such as supplies, equipment and technical personnel; c) travel to research meetings or training; and (d) statistical services including personnel and computer time. salary for mentors, secretarial and administrative assistants, etc. is not allowed. k awardee meeting : the nhlbi will hold 2-day meetings during the project period to encourage the exchange of information among the k awardees and the nhlbi program staff. the meetings may also include others on a similar career trajectory who also are preparing for independent research careers. therefore, included within the research development costs budget category, the candidate should budget for travel funds that would support attendance to at least one of the 2-day meetings during the project period, to be held in or near bethesda, md. at these meetings, k awardees will present their results, and learn about next steps in their research career. reasonable accommodations : as part of this award, funds may be requested to make changes or adjustments in the research setting that will make it possible for a qualified individual with a disability to perform the essential functions associated with his/her role on the project. the accommodations requested under this program must be directly related to the performance of the proposed role on the research project and must be appropriate to the disabilities of the individual. some types of accommodations that might be provided under this award include: specialized equipment, assistive devices, and personnel such as readers, interpreters, or assistants. in all cases, the total funds for accommodations requested must be reasonable. indirect costs indirect costs (also known as facilities & administrative [f&a] costs) are reimbursed at 8% of modified total direct costs. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-HD-21-013,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new renewal resubmission revision the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nichd intends to commit $3,000,000 in fy 2021 to fund up to three awards. award budget new (type 1) and renewal (type 2) applications may request up to $1,000,000 in direct costs (excluding subcontract facilities and administrative [f&a] costs) for each project year. no escalation/inflationary increases in noncompeting years may be requested. applicants should discuss equipment requests with nichd staff early in the planning phase and must receive permission from the institute to include equipment costs in their budget request. final decisions on equipment requests will depend on the nature of the justification and the institute's fiscal situation. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-DA-08-008,section ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity announcement (foa) will use the r03 award mechanism. the applicant will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see the modular applications and awards section of the nih grants policy statement . specifically, if you are submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs), use the phs398 modular budget component provided in the sf424 (r&r) application package and sf424 (r&r) application guide (see specifically section 5.4, modular budget component, of the application guide). u.s. applicants requesting more than $250,000 in annual direct costs and all foreign applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component found in the application package for this foa. see not-od-06-096 , august 23, 2006. 2. funds available r03 awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. the total project period for an application submitted in response to this funding opportunity may not exceed 2 years. direct costs for r03s submitted in response to this foa are limited to $100,000 in any single year. applicants may request direct costs in $25,000 modules, up to the total direct costs limitation of $100,000 per year for the 2-year award period. nida intends to commit approximately 1.0 million dollars in fy2008 to fund 6-7 r03 applications. nimh intends to commit approximately $500,000 in fy2008 to support 2-3 r03 applications. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. f acilities and administrative (f &a ) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 , november 2, 2004.
RFA-AI-14-011,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the niaid intends to commit $4.5 million in fy 2015 to fund up to 4 awards. future year amounts may vary depending on annual appropriations. award budget the budget for each namsed crc cannot exceed $1.5 million in total costs per year. application budgets need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HD-09-026,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity will use the nih mentored clinical scientist development (k12) award mechanism(s). the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses non-modular budget formats described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). 2. funds available the nichd intends to award up to $4,752,000 in total costs [direct plus facilities and administrative (f & a) costs] in fy 2010 to fund up to ten new and/or renewal (formally known as competing continuation application) grants in response to this funding announcement. an applicant may request a project period of up to five years and a budget for direct costs of up to $440,000 per year. the f & a costs for this award may not exceed eight percent of modified total direct costs. because the nature and scope of the proposed programs will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of nichd provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding announcement are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. the awards will have an anticipated start date of april 1, 2010 and continue through march 30, 2015. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation, see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. section
RFA-HL-07-001,ii. award information 1. mechanism(s) of support this funding opportunity will use the academic career award (k07). this mechanism supports individuals interested in introducing or improving curricula in a particular scientific field as a means of enhancing the educational or research capacity at the grantee institution. this pediatric transfusion medicine academic career award (k07) supports two types of activities: development: the k07 provides up to five years of support for more junior candidates who are interested in developing academic and research expertise in a particular field, as a way to increase the overall pool of individuals capable of research or teaching in the identified area. during the period of the award, the candidate will become a successful academician in the chosen area. teaching, curriculum building, research, and leadership skills are to be learned during the tenure of the award. for junior candidates, a mentor is required. leadership: the k07 can also provide from two to five years of support for more senior individuals with acknowledged scientific expertise and leadership skills who are interested in improving the curricula and enhancing the research capacity within an academic institution. it is expected that support under this award will increase the visibility and the overall research support or academic capacity for the given field of research within the academic medical/health and research community. as an applicant, you will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this funding opportunity uses the just-in-time budget concepts. it also uses the non-modular budget format described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). a detailed categorical budget for the "initial budget period" and the "entire proposed period of support" is to be submitted with the application. 2. funds available because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plan of the institute provides support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. the nhlbi intends to commit a total of $3,500,000 over five years to this foa for payment of applications responsive to this announcement. it is anticipated that three leadership k07 awards and three development k07 awards will be made. the total project period for an application submitted in response to this funding opportunity may not exceed 5 years. although the size of award may vary with the scope of research proposed, it is expected that applications will stay within the budgetary guidelines. the anticipated start date is june 1, 2007. direct costs are limited to $110,000 per year for a development k07 award and $120,000 per year for a leadership k07 award. allowable cost: k07 development award: candidates must be able to devote at least 75 percent full-time professional effort to the research and developmental programs required for academic development. k07 leadership award: candidates must be in a position to devote at least 25 percent but not more than 50 percent effort to the program, a portion of which may include research. for the k07 development award and the k07 leadership award the salary must be consistent both with the established salary structure of the institution and salaries actually provided by the institution from its own funds to other staff members of equivalent qualifications, rank, and responsibilities in the department concerned. effort less than full-time should be pro-rated accordingly. the sponsoring institution may supplement the nih salary contribution up to a level that is consistent with the institution s salary scale; however, supplementation may not be from federal funds unless specifically authorized by the federal program from which such funds are derived. in no case may phs funds be used for salary supplementation. institutional supplementation must not require extra duties or responsibilities that would interfere with the purpose of the k07 award. under expanded authorities, however, institutions may rebudget funds within the total costs awarded to cover salaries consistent with the institutions salary scale. the total salary, however, may not exceed the legislatively mandated salary cap. see the following website: http://grants2.nih.gov/grants/guide/notice-files/not-od-06-031.html . effective for all new competing research project grant applications, mentored career award recipients in the last two years of career award support may hold concurrent support under specific circumstances. see the following website: http://grants.nih.gov/grants/guide/notice-files/not-od-04-007.html . support & development: funds may be requested for technical support up to a maximum of $30,000 dc per year for the following: (1) personnel other than the pi, if required, (e.g., technical and support staff and consultants, educational and evaluation specialists) for development, implementation, and evaluation of the program; (2) consumable supplies essential to the proposed program are allowable, but equipment costs are not allowable; (3) for leadership applications only: funds may be requested to support a student in pediatric transfusion medicine; and (4) funds for travel for the principal investigator to meet in bethesda, maryland, with other investigators and nhlbi staff to exchange ideas, develop collaborative projects, and provide needed technical support ($1,000 should be allocated for this purpose for one trip per year).however, in no case should the direct costs requested exceed the limits previously stated. support for ancillary personnel, e.g., salary for mentors, secretarial and administrative assistance, etc, is not allowed. no yearly escalation for recurring costs will be provided. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs will be reimbursed at 8 percent of modified total direct costs. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation, see not-od-05-004 . section
RFA-DA-10-014,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this foa will use the r01 award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts (see sf424 (r&r) application guide ) . it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ) . specifically, a u.s. organization submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs) must use the phs398 modular budget component. u.s. applicants requesting more than $250,000 in annual direct costs and all foreign applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component. 2. funds available funds available. a total of $4.5 million in fy 2010 funds has been committed to support this foa. anticipated number of awards. the anticipated number of awards under this foa is 5-8. awards issued under this foa are contingent upon the availability of funds and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. budget and project period. the requested budget must be commensurate with the work proposed. direct costs are limited to no more than $750,000 per year. the proposed project period may not exceed five years. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AA-12-004,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niaaa intends to commit $4 million in fy 2012 to fund the continuation of the cifasd consortium. the set-aside for the clinical and basic research components will be about $3 million and $1 million, respectively. approximately 8-10 new and/or renewal cooperative agreement awards are anticipated in response to this foa and the companion foa ( rfa-aa-12-005 ). award budget application budgets are not limited, but need to reflect actual needs of the proposed project. award project period scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AI-15-051,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niaid intends to commit a total of $6.1 million in fy 2017 to support all the activities of the consortium for food allergy research program. this $6.1 million includes funding for: 1) 5-7 cofar cru through this foa; and, through the companion foa 2) the cofar lc leadership complex component (which includes the clinical operations, leadership center administration, central biomarker facility and $0.5 million for the the opportunity fund, 3) the clinical projects (protocol funds), and 4) the ongoing cofar6 and cofar7 studies during year 1 ($1.8 million) and year 2 ($0.5 million). award budget application budgets are not limited but must reflect the actual needs of the proposed cofar cru. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 7 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DA-13-001,section ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the national institute on drug abuse intends to commit $1,500,000 in fy 2013 to fund 4-5 awards. award budget direct costs will vary with the scope of the project. support for the r21 phase may be for one or two years. direct costs are limited to $275,000 over an r21 two-year period, with no more than $150,000 in direct costs in any single year of the r21 phase. the r33 phase may not exceed four years and direct costs are limited to $1.5m with no more than $375,000 in direct cost in any single year of the r33 phase. award project period support for the r21 phase may be for one or two years. the r33 phase may not exceed four years. the entire project may not exceed 5 years. conversion to the r33 phase is contingent on meeting the r21 milestones, programmatic review, and availability of funds. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DK-10-001,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity will use the nih exploratory grant (p20) award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses non-modular budget formats described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). 2. funds available the estimated amount of funds available for support of 3-4 projects awarded as a result of this announcement is $ 1 million for fiscal year 2010 with a maximum of $200,000 direct costs per year. an applicant may request project periods for up to two years. the anticipated award date is september 25, 2010. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation, see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. section
RFA-DK-06-013,ii. award information 1. mechanism(s) of support this funding opportunity will use the core center (p30) award mechanism. as an applicant, you will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this funding opportunity uses the just-in-time budget concepts. it also uses the non-modular budget format described in the phs 398 application instructions (see https://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). a detailed categorical budget for the "initial budget period" and the "entire proposed period of support" is to be submitted with the application. 2. funds available the national institute of diabetes and digestive and kidney diseases (niddk) intends to commit approximately $2,000,000 dollars in fy 2007 to fund two new and/or competing continuation grants in response to this rfa. an applicant may request a project period of up to five years and a budget for direct costs of up to 750,000 dollars per year. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the niddk provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation, see https://grants.nih.gov/grants/guide/notice-files/not-od-05-004.html .
RFA-CA-07-022,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity will use the nih exploratory/developmental (r21) grant mechanism . applicants are encouraged to contact nci program staff with any questions about the appropriate mechanism. see section vii.1 ., scientific/research contacts. as an applicant, you will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this funding opportunity uses just-in-time concepts. it also uses the modular budget formats (see the modular applications and awards section of the nih grants policy statement . specifically, if applicants are submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs), they must use the phs398 modular budget component provided in the sf424 (r&r) application package and sf424 (r&r) application guide (see specifically section 5.4, modular budget component, of the application guide). exploratory/developmental grant support is for new projects only; competing renewal (formerly competing continuation ) applications will not be accepted. up to two resubmissions (formerly revisions/amendments") of a previously reviewed exploratory/developmental grant application may be submitted. see not-od-03-041 , may 7, 2003. 2. funds available because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the nci provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications to this foa and parallel foas of identical scientific scope that use alternative funding mechanisms. the nci intends to commit a total of approximately $275,000 to this rfa in fy 2007 to award approximately 2-3 grants in response to this rfa. an r21 applicant may request a project period of up to 2 years with a combined budget for direct costs of up $275,000 for the 2-year period. for example, the applicant may request $100,000 in the 1st year and $175,000 in the 2nd year. the request should be tailored to the needs of the project. for additional information, go to http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/r21.htm . although the financial plans of the nci provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity announcement are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation, see not-od-05-004 . section
RFA-HG-07-006,ii. award information 1. mechanism(s) of support this funding opportunity will use the cooperative agreement (u01) award mechanism. the duration of the award is expected to be three years. requested amount should be no more than $5,600,000 direct costs for the three-year period. as an applicant, you will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. the nih u01 is a cooperative agreement award mechanism. in the cooperative agreement mechanism, the principal investigator retains the primary responsibility and dominant role for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project, with nih staff being substantially involved as a partner with the principal investigator, as described under the section vi. 2. administrative requirements , "cooperative agreement terms and conditions of award". we expect this to be a one-time award. 2. funds available nhgri expects to award approximately $8,500,000 in total costs through this announcement, through a 3-year award; nhgri anticipates making one award; the expected amount for the individual award is approximately $5,600,000 direct costs; the anticipated start date is september 30, 2007, and period of performance is september 30, 2007 to september 29, 2010. nhgri intends to commit approximately 1,900,000 dollars in fy 07 to fund one new and/or competing continuation grant in response to this rfa. an applicant may request a project period of up to three years and a budget for direct costs up to 1,200,000 dollars in fy07 and 2,200,000 dollars per year in fy08 and fy09 . although the financial plans of the ic provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation, see not-od-05-004 . section
RFA-AA-21-009,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s). need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards niaaa and participating ics intend to commit an estimated total cost of $5.0 m in fy 2022 to fund one consortium in response to this foa and companion foas ( rfa-aa-21-007 , rfa-aa-21-009 ). the participating ics intend to make one u24 award from this foa.. award budget applicants may request up to $600,000 in direct costs per year. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-AG-20-025,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nia intends to commit $4,000,000 in fy 2020 to fund 9-11 awards. award budget application budgets are limited to $250,000 in direct costs. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-OD-16-004,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nih od intends to commit up to $59m in fy2016 to fund 20-30 awards. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations and are anticipated to be no more than $123m for fy17; and $120m for fy18-22. award budget direct costs should not exceed $1,000,000 in fy16 (year 1) only, and must be well justified and appropriate for the size of the cohort available. budgets for fy17-22 (years 2-7) are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the project period may be up to 7 years; the proposed project may be up to 2 years for the first phase (ug3) and up to 5 years for the second phase (uh3). nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HL-18-006,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nhlbi intends to fund up to 8 awards, corresponding to total costs up to $800,000 in fy 2018, and up to $3,360,000 total costs per year for fiscal years 2019 through 2022. award budget application budgets may not exceed direct costs of $92,550 in fy2018, and may not exceed direct costs of $388,750 in fiscal years 2019 through 2022. award project period the maximum project period allowed is 5 years. other award budget information personnel costs individuals designing, directing, and implementing the career development program may request salary and fringe benefits appropriate for the person months devoted to the program that cannot exceed 10%. salaries requested may not exceed the levels commensurate with the institution's policy for similar positions and may not exceed the congressionally mandated cap. if mentoring interactions and other activities with scholars are considered a regular part of an individual's academic duties, then mentoring and other interactions with scholars are non-reimbursable from grant funds. a minimum of 10% but not to exceed 15% of the pd/pi's salary and fringes may be requested for the year one start-up phase, and up to 10% per year thereafter. salaries requested may not exceed the levels commensurate with the institution's policy for similar positions and may not exceed the congressionally mandated cap. if a multiple pd/pi model is proposed, effort can be combined but must not exceed 15% for the multiple pd/pi salaries and fringes for the year one start-up phase and 10% per year thereafter throughout the duration of the project period. ancillary personnel support: up to 6 person-months effort may be budgeted for an administrative assistant in the first year of the start-up planning phase and 4 person-months effort thereafter. the salaries of administrative and clerical staff should normally be treated as indirect (f&a) costs. direct charging of these costs may be appropriate only if all of the following conditions are met: (1) administrative or clerical services are integral to a project or activity; (2) individuals involved can be specifically identified with the project or activity; (3) such costs are explicitly included in the budget or have the prior written approval of the federal awarding agency; and (4) the costs are not also recovered as indirect costs. when specifically identified and justified, these expenses must be itemized in sections a and b, as appropriate, of the r&r budget. advisory committee: the advisory committee chair and members may be paid a maximum of $2,000 per year to defray costs for their participation in the program. participant costs scholars are those individuals who benefit from the proposed activities and experiences involved in the career development program. scholar costs must be justified as specifically required for the proposed career development program and based on institutional policies for salaries paid to individuals in similar positions, regardless of the source of funds. these expenses must be itemized in the proposed budget. the scholars can receive up to three years of career development support. the nhlbi contribution toward the k12 scholar's salary is capped at $100,000 per year, plus fringe benefits commensurate with the applicant's salary structure for persons of equivalent qualifications, experience and rank. the total salary requested for scholars must be based on a full-time, 12-month staff appointment and requires scholars to devote a minimum of 9 person-months of full-time professional effort to conducting career development and health-related research with the remaining effort devoted to activities related to the development of a successful research career. the sponsoring institution may supplement the nih salary contribution up to a level that is consistent with the institution's salary scale. however, supplementation may not be from federal funds unless specifically authorized by the federal program from which such funds are derived. scholar costs per year should not exceed the following: up to $30,000 per individual scholar may be provided for the following types of expenses; (a) research expenses, such as supplies, equipment, and technical personnel; (b) tuition and fees related to required career development courses and activities; (c) travel to scientific meetings or training; and (d) statistical services including personnel and computer time. research costs cannot be pooled and used for other programs unrelated or only indirectly related to the research activities of individual scholars or used for program advertising or recruiting. note: each applicant should not propose more than 5 scholars in a 3-year period and scholars may only enter the program in years 2, 3 and 4 of the award. no new candidates shall begin after year 4 unless prior approval from the nhlbi program officer is obtained. other program related expenses consultant costs, equipment, supplies, travel for key persons (including the advisory committee), and other program-related expenses may be included in the proposed budget. these expenses must be justified as specifically required by the proposed program and must not duplicate items generally available at the applicant institution. allowable costs include: travel funds will be available for each scholar to travel to an hiv scientific meeting each year and once every two years to attend the annual meeting of nhlbi k12 programs in bethesda, md. funds may be requested in the budget for this purpose but may not exceed $2,000 per traveler. items that may not be supported with k12 funds include: travel of the pd/pi or program mentors to scientific meetings other than the annual k12 meeting in bethesda, md. patient care costs except for clinical laboratory analyses essential for the scholar's research. alterations and renovations. indirect costs indirect costs (also known as facilities & administrative [f&a] costs) are reimbursed at 8% of modified total direct costs (exclusive of tuition and fees, consortium costs in excess of $25,000, and expenditures for equipment), rather than on the basis of a negotiated rate agreement. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HD-06-016,section ii. award information 1. mechanism(s) of support this funding opportunity will use the nih specialized centers of research (p50) award mechanism(s). as an applicant, you will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this funding opportunity uses the just-in-time budget concepts. it also uses the non-modular budget format described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). a detailed categorical budget for the "initial budget period" and the "entire proposed period of support" is to be submitted with the application. 2. funds available nih (nichd, nidcd, niehs, nimh, and ninds) intends to commit up to $24 million per year for this rfa and its companion rfa for ace networks. funding will begin in fy 2007 and fy 2008 for the first year of funding. approximately 10 to 15 ace awards are anticipated in response to both rfas. an applicant may request a project period of up to five years and a budget for direct costs up to $1.5 million per year for centers. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation (see not-od-05-004 ).
RFA-NS-15-004,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nih brain initiative intends to fund an estimate of 5-7 awards, corresponding to a total of up to $3.8m, for fiscal year 2015. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period awards are for three years of support. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AG-17-014,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nia intends to commit up to $1.8 million per year in fy2017 and fy2018, and up to $2.7 million per year in fy2019-2021 to fund 1 award. award budget application budgets are limited to direct costs of $1,380,000 per year in the uh2 phase, and $2,080,000 per year in the uh3 phase. award project period applicants may request a total project period of up to 5 years. the maximum project period is 2 years for the uh2 phase and 3 years for the uh3 phase. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-MH-08-030,section ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity announcement (foa) will use the nih research project grant ( r01) award mechanism. the applicant will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ). specifically, if you are a u.s. organization and are submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs), use the phs398 modular budget component provided in the sf424 (r&r) application package and sf424 (r&r) application guide (see specifically section 5.4, modular budget component, of the application guide). u.s. applicants requesting more than $250,000 in annual direct costs and all foreign applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component found in the application package for this foa. see not-od-06-096 , august 23, 2006. at this time, it is not known if competing renewal (formerly competing continuation ) applications will be accepted and/or if this foa will be reissued. 2. funds available the nimh intends to commit approximately $1 million and the ninds intends to contribute approximately $420,000 in fiscal year 2008 to fund 4-5 applications. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the institutes and centers (ics) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. f &a costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 , november 2, 2004.
RFA-DK-14-508,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niddk and partner components intend to commit an estimated total of $14 million to fund one award. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DA-14-006,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nida intends to commit $2m in fy2014 for rfa-da-14-005 and rfa-da-14-006. nida anticipates supporting 2-5 r21 awards and 2-3 r01 awards. award budget direct costs are limited to a maximum of $275,000 over a two-year period, with no more than $200,000 in direct costs allowed in any single year. application budgets need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the project period for the r21 may not exceed two years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AI-15-038,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niaid intends to commit a total of $1.6 million in fy 2016 to fund 1 award. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HD-17-008,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the nichd and participating institutes intend to commit approximately $25 million total for the first year of funding for this funding opportunity and the companion foa for ace centers (rfa-hd-17-009). the first year of funding will be in either fy2017 or fy2018. approximately 8 to 11 ace awards are anticipated in response to the two foas. award budget applicants for an ace network may request up to $1.5 million in direct costs per year (excluding subaward f & a costs). award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-MH-14-200,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the participating ics intend to commit approximately $880,000 in fy 2014 to fund six to eight awards in response to this foa. award budget the budget for direct costs is limited to $50,000 per year. award project period the total project period may not exceed two years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AI-21-013,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the following nih components intend to commit the following amounts in fy 2022: niaid, $7m and nimh, $0.5m to fund a total of 3-4 awards award budget application budgets are limited to $1 million per year in direct costs and need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project determines the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-OD-20-006,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nih intends to commit total costs of at leastf $600,000 in fiscal year 2020 to fund a minimum of 3 awards. the final number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget applications may request budgets of up to $100,000 in direct costs per year for up to two years. award project period the total project period may not exceed two years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-CA-13-014,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the phs 398 application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the national cancer institute intends to commit an estimated total of $9.3 million ($7.3 million for cancer clinical trials and $2 million for cancer care delivery research ) for up to 14 awards in fy 2014. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget application budgets are not limited, but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, the size of each award will also vary . award project period 5 years nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HG-16-005,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nhgri intends to commit $5 million to $5.5 million in fy 2017 to fund one award. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the maximum project period is four years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-RR-11-003,ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new resubmission the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations, and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. approximately $1,000,000 is available for fy2012. the total amount to be awarded under this foa is $5,000,000 over a 5 year period pending availability of funds and receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. the total number of awards for this foa is anticipated to be 5-7. award budget application budgets are not limited, but need to reflect actual needs of the proposed project, and stay within the guidelines outlined in this foa. award project period up to 5 years. other award budget information personnel costs individuals designing, directing, and implementing the research education program may request salary and fringe benefits appropriate for the person months devoted to the program. salaries requested may not exceed the levels commensurate with the institution's policy for similar positions and may not exceed the congressionally mandated cap. (if mentoring interactions and other activities with students/participants are considered a regular part of an individual's academic duties, then any costs associated with the mentoring and other interactions with students/participants are not allowable costs from grant funds). participant costs participant costs must be itemized in the proposed budget. allowable participant costs depend on the educational level/career status of the individuals to be selected to participate in the program. while generally not an allowable costs, with strong justification, participants in the research education program may receive partial costs of meals in conjuction with a meeting unless such costs are furnished as part of the registration fee. participants may also receive funds to defray partial tuition, and other education-related expenses. expenses for foreign travel must be exceptionally well justified. because the r25 mechanism is not intended as a substitute for an nrsa institutional training program (t32), costs to support full-time participants (supported for 40 hours/week for a continuous, 12-month period) are not allowable. funds allocated for participant cost is for 11 months effort. other program-related expenses consultant costs, equipment, supplies, travel for key persons, and other program-related expenses may be included in the proposed budget. these expenses must be justified as specifically required by the proposed program and must not duplicate items generally available at the applicant institution. indirect costs indirect costs (also known as facilities & administrative [f&a] costs) are reimbursed at 8% of modified total direct costs (exclusive of tuition and fees and expenditures for equipment), rather than on the basis of a negotiated rate agreement. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AG-16-012,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the nia intends to commit $635,000 in fy 2016 to fund 1-2 awards. award budget application budgets are limited to $400,000 direct costs per year. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the duration of the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HL-10-002,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this foa will use the r01 award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts (see sf424 (r&r) application guide ) . it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ) . specifically, a u.s. organization submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs) must use the phs398 modular budget component. u.s. applicants requesting more than $250,000 in annual direct costs and all foreign applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component. 2. funds available the total amount of funding that the nhlbi expects to award through this announcement is $4 million total costs in fy2010. the anticipated number of awards is up to 6 grants. the maximum allowable direct cost amount for individual awards will be up to $500,000 direct costs per year for no more than four years. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the nhlbi provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-CA-12-020,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations, and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. for the group of pqs covered by this foa (group c), the nci intends to fund approximately 6 r21 awards for both application rounds combined, corresponding to a total of up to $2-3 million, for fiscal year 2013 and a similar amount for fiscal year 2014. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget the combined budget for direct costs for the two year project period may not exceed $275,000. no more than $200,000 may be requested in any single year. application budgets must reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the total project period may not exceed 2 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AG-15-008,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nia intends to commit $2,500,000 in fy2015 to fund up to six awards. award budget application budgets are limited to $250,000 direct costs per year. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-RM-18-007,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nih intends to commit approximately $8,000,000 in fy 2019 to fund approximately 7 awards. award budget awards will be for $700,000 in direct costs per year, plus applicable facilities and administrative (f&a) costs. award project period the project period is limited to five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-HL-11-027,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity will use the cooperative agreement (u10) award mechanism. in the cooperative agreement mechanism, the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) retains the primary responsibility and dominant role for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project, with nih staff being substantially involved as a partner with the principal investigator, as described under the section vi. 2. administrative requirements , "cooperative agreement terms and conditions of award." p lans beyond the current funding opportunity are indefinite. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses non-modular budget formats described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). 2. funds available nhlbi intends to commit approximately $64 million to fund eight awards for clinical centers and one award for a data coordinating center for a five-year period. it is anticipated that the fy 2011 award for the data coordinating center will be approximately $2,500,000 direct costs plus $3,530,880 direct costs in patient care funds. all patient care funds will be awarded to the data coordinating center for subsequent distribution to the clinical centers as recruitment in protocols proceeds. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. funds to support clinical research skills training and development will be set aside in the dcc budget at $400,000 direct costs per year. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation; see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. section
RFA-DK-08-011,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity will use the cooperative agreement (u01) award mechanism(s). the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses non-modular budget formats described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). this funding opportunity will use a cooperative agreement award mechanism. in the cooperative agreement mechanism, the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) retains the primary responsibility and dominant role for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project, with nih staff being substantially involved as a partner with the principal investigator, as described under the section vi. 2. administrative requirements , "cooperative agreement terms and conditions of award". this foa is a one-time solicitation. at this time, it has not been determined whether or how this solicitation will be continued beyond the present foa. 2. funds available the estimated amount of funds available for support of approximately 14 clinical centers awarded as a result of this announcement is $ 5.4 million for fiscal year 2009. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. the total project period for applications submitted in response to the present foa should be 5 years. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation, see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. section
RFA-DA-09-012,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity will use the nih p20 award mechanism, which provides support for developing collaborative teams of high caliber investigators using diverse scientific approaches to the investigation of a highly focused research problem. applicants may request support for only one period of up to four years; direct costs requested may not exceed $600,000 in any one year. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses non-modular budget formats described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). 2. funds available nida intends to commit approximately $3,000,000 in fy 2009 to fund 2 to 3 new grants in response to this foa. an applicant may request a project period of up to 4 years and a budget for direct costs of up to $600,000 per year. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of nida provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this foa are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation; see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. section
RFA-ES-09-002,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity will use the p30 award mechanism (s). the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses non-modular budget formats described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). detailed categorical budgets for the "initial budget period" and the "entire proposed period of support" are to be submitted with the application. 2. funds available the estimated amount of funds available for support of four to five projects awarded as a result of this announcement is $ 7.2 million for fiscal year 20 10 . future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. new or first-time applicants can apply for up to four years of support. new applications are limited to requests for no more than $500,000 in direct costs in the first year; $600,000 in direct costs in the second year; $700,000 in direct costs in the third year; and $800,000 in direct costs in the fourth year. an additional $100,000 in direct costs in each year may be requested if a coec is to be included. renewal applications may request up to five years of support and up to $1,000,000 per year direct costs. the application may request up to $1,100,000 per year if it includes a coec, with a minimum of $100,000 devoted to that core. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation, see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. section
RFA-ES-11-011,section ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nih intends to commit approximately $2.5 million in fy 2012 to this foa to support 7 - 8 awards. award budget application budgets are not limited, but need to reflect actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the total project period for an application submitted in response to this funding opportunity may not exceed 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AT-18-002,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nccih intends to commit $1,500,000 (total costs) in fy 2018 to fund 3 - 4 awards. award budget direct costs will vary with the scope of the project. support for the r21 phase may not exceed $200,000 direct costs. the r33 phase direct costs must not exceed $500,000 per year. award project period the project period is limited to 1 year for the r21 phase and to 2 years for the r33 phase, and the maximum project period must coincide with period of samhsa funding for ti-17-014. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-ES-20-013,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards niehs intends to commit $3m in fy 2022 to fund 5-6 awards. award budget application budgets are limited to $350,000 direct costs per year but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-HL-20-030,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? required: only accepting applications that propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nih intends to commit total costs of up to $3,118,000 in fy2020. these funds are anticipated to fund up to 5 new awards in fy2020. award budget application budgets must not exceed direct costs of $405,000 per year. the total budget (federal award and non-federal matching contributions) should reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. while annual project budgets should reflect the actual costs anticipated in each year, the federal share of this award must not exceed $405,000 in direct costs per year. matching funds requirement : the recipient is required to provide at least a 1:1 match of the federal funds requested (for direct and indirect/f&a costs) in the form of non-federal contributions. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the requested project award period. the project period for the ug3 phase may not exceed 1 year. the project period for the uh3 phase may not exceed 4 years. the total project period may not exceed 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-HL-18-014,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. nhlbi intends to commit total costs of up to $5,960,000 per year in fiscal years 2018 through 2022 to fund up to 4 awards. award budget application budgets may not exceed direct costs of $930,000 per year in fiscal years 2018 through 2022. award project period the maximum period of support is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HL-12-036,ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations, and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. nhlbi intends to commit $2.8 million total costs in fy 2012 to fund up to 7 awards, with a total cost commitment of $8.4 million over the three year period. award budget direct costs requested may not exceed $250,000. award project period maximum period of 3 years nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-CA-19-046,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new resubmission of application submitted to the earlier round of this foa important note: if an appropriate awardee is selected from the first round of applications, the foa will be expired before the second application receipt date (i.e., resubmission of applications unfunded in the first round may not be possible). the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nci intends to commit $500,000 (total costs) in fy 2020 to fund one award. award budget application budgets are limited to no more than $350,000 direct costs and need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the project period of up to 5 years may be requested. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-DK-14-506,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the nih plans to commit $7 million dollars in fy 2015 to support three related approaches to the continuation of the hepatitis b research network, as embodied in rfa-dk-14-506, rfa-dk-14-509 and rfa-dk-14-510. it is expected that up to 14 awards will be supported in fy 2015 in total under these three rfas, depending on the quality of the applications. the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-CA-13-021,ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. for the group of pqs covered by this foa (group c), the nci intends to fund approximately three r21 awards per due date, corresponding to a total of up to $0.5-1 million, for the first submission round (2014) and a similar amount for the second (2015). future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget the combined budget for direct costs for the two year project period may not exceed $275,000. no more than $200,000 may be requested in any single year. application budgets must reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the total project period may not exceed 2 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DA-13-004,section ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the national institute on drug abuse intends to commit $2,500,000 in fy 2013 to fund 2-4 awards. award budget budgets for direct costs of up to $1,000,000 per year and a project duration of up to three years may be requested for a maximum of $3,000,000 direct costs over a three-year project period. award project period the maximum period is 3 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DK-08-004,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this foa will use the r21 award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts (see sf424 (r&r) application guide ) . it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ) . specifically, a u.s. organization submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs) must use the phs398 modular budget component. u.s. applicants requesting more than $250,000 in annual direct costs and all foreign applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component. 2. funds available the nih intends to commit $4.8m (total costs), in fy2009, to applications in response to the dk-08-003 (u34) and dk-08-004 (r21) announcements four to eight r21 awards are anticipated. direct costs are limited to $250,000 per year over a 2-year period, with no more than $500,000 in direct costs allowed over the entire two year period. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HG-14-009,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new resubmission the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nih intends to fund an estimate of 4-5 awards, corresponding to a total of $1,000,000, for fiscal year 2015. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget application budgets may not exceed $200,000 in direct costs annually and need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 3 years. other award budget information personnel costs individuals designing, directing, and implementing the research education program may request salary and fringe benefits appropriate for the person months devoted to the program. salaries requested may not exceed the levels commensurate with the institution's policy for similar positions and may not exceed the congressionally mandated cap. (if mentoring interactions and other activities with participants are considered a regular part of an individual's academic duties, then any costs associated with the mentoring and other interactions with participants are not allowable costs from grant funds). participant costs not applicable other program-related expenses consultant costs, equipment, supplies, travel for key persons, and other program-related expenses may be included in the proposed budget. these expenses must be justified as specifically required by the proposed program and must not duplicate items generally available at the applicant institution. reasonable costs associated with the evaluation of the project, including fees and expenses for beta-testers, focus group participants, or a limited number of learners are allowed but must be justified based on the project. costs for the pds/pis to attend an annual bd2k consortium meeting in bethesda, md should be included, not to exceed $1500 per trip. indirect costs indirect costs (also known as facilities & administrative [f&a] costs) are reimbursed at 8% of modified total direct costs (exclusive of tuition and fees and expenditures for equipment), rather than on the basis of a negotiated rate agreement. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-NS-17-005,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new resubmissions from rfa-ns-16-009 the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the nih anticipates providing $10m per year to fund an estimated 5 to 7 awards. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. budgets should rarely exceed $2m. award project period the duration of the ug3 phase cannot exceed 4 years and the total duration of the ug3/uh3 phases combined may not exceed 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DA-21-040,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nida intends to commit $1m in fy 2021 to fund 3-5 awards for this and the companion r21 announcement ( rfa-da-21-041 ). award budget application budgets are limited to direct costs of $350k. award project period project periods cannot exceed 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-NS-19-018,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new resubmission revision the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards issuing ic and partner components intend to commit an estimated total of $3m to fund 3-4 awards. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the total duration may not exceed 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-NS-15-008,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the nih anticipates providing $3m per year to fund an estimated 2-4 awards. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. applicants should rarely exceed $1.5m direct costs per year award project period the total duration of the project may not exceed 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DE-18-009,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nidcr intends to commit $2m in fy 2018 to fund 4-5 awards. award budget application budgets are limited to $250,000 direct costs per year for all years. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum period is 5 years nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AI-12-056,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the niaid intends to commit $2.8m yearly. award budget application budgets are not limited, but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-MH-15-500,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new resubmissions from rfa-mh-14-050 , rfa-mh-13-080 the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. the nimh intends to commit $3,000,000 in fy 2015 to fund 5 or 6 awards. award budget application budgets are limited to $400,000 in direct costs. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-OD-21-007,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new resubmission revision all 3 are allowed, with resubmission and revisions allowed for the second due date in november 2022. the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials. need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. the nih intends to commit total costs of at least $1,000,000 in fy2021 and in fy2022 to fund an estimated 3 to 5 awards each year depending on the number of meritorious applications. award budget the combined budget for direct costs for the two-year project period may not exceed $275,000. no more than $200,000 may be requested in any single year. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 2 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-HG-08-008,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this foa will use the nih research project grant (r01) award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts (see sf424 (r&r) application guide ) . it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ) . specifically, a u.s. organization submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs) must use the phs398 modular budget component. u.s. applicants requesting more than $250,000 in annual direct costs and all foreign applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component. 2. funds available nhgri, intends to commit approximately $5 million total costs in fiscal year 2009 to fund 2-7 applications. an applicant may request a project period of up to 5 years and a budget for direct costs up to $1.5 million per year because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-LM-11-001,section ii. award information funding instrument grant. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations, and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. in fy 2012, nlm intends to spend approximately $14,000,000 on 10-15 awards in this program. award budget application budgets are not limited, but need to reflect actual needs of the proposed project. program budgets are primarily determined by the numbers and types of training positions requested. an applicant proposing at least one basic informatics training program, or a mix of basic and specialized training areas, with both predoctoral and postdoctoral trainees, may request nlm funding for a maximum of 15 full-time training positions, and a maximum of 4 diversity short-term positions, in each year. programs that wish to train only predoctoral or only postdoctoral trainees may request up to 10 full time training positions and a maximum of 2 diversity short term positions in each year. award project period the expected project period is five years, beginning july 1, 2012. awards are normally made in 12-month increments with support for additional years based on satisfactory progress and the continued availability of funds. other award budget information stipends, tuition, and fees nlm training grant awards provide stipends as a subsistence allowance to help defray living expenses during the research training experiences. the current predoctoral nlm stipend table is available at http://www.nlm.nih.gov/ep/trainingdirectors.html . the nlm predoctoral stipend table provides support at the nrsa level in year one, with 5% escalation in years two through five. for postdoctoral trainees, nlm stipends mirror the nrsa stipend table. the current nlm postdoctoral stipend table is available at http://www.nlm.nih.gov/ep/trainingdirectors.html . selection of the appropriate starting pay level for postdoctoral trainees depends upon the experience of the candidate. relevant experience may include research experience (including industrial), teaching, internship, residency, clinical duties, or other time spent in full-time studies in a health-related field following the date of the qualifying doctoral degree. no nlm trainee may receive more than 5 years of nlm support (in aggregate), of which no more than 3 years can be for postdoctoral training. thus, a predoctoral trainee who receives 5 years of nlm support is not eligible for postdoctoral training support from nlm. for short-term trainees, the nlm stipend equals 25% of the lowest level of the nlm predoctoral or postdoctoral stipend table. nlm will provide 60% of tuition and fees up to a limit of $16,000 per year for predoctoral and postdoctoral trainees enrolled in degree programs. for postdoctoral trainees not enrolled in degree programs, nlm will provide up to $4500 per year for tuition and fees. for short-term trainees, nlm will provide up to $4,000 for tuition and fees. the most recent stipend, tuition, and fee levels are described on the nlm web site http://www.nlm.nih.gov/ep/trainingdirectors.html . nlm training awards are not nrsa awards, but are similar in many ways. a notable difference is the absence of a service payback requirement. trainee travel trainee travel to attend scientific meetings and workshops that the institution determines to be necessary for the individuals research training experience is an allowable trainee expense. nlm provides $2000 per year for travel to each full time trainee. short-term trainees do not receive travel support. all full-time nlm trainees are expected to attend the annual nlm training conference held each summer. after supporting travel to the nlm training conference, travel funds may be used to support trainee travel to relevant professional meetings, at the program directors discretion. training related expenses and health insurance nlm will provide $6500 for each full-time trainee to help defray other research training expenses, such as health insurance, staff salaries, consultant costs, equipment, research supplies, and faculty/staff travel directly related to the research training program. in addition, nlm provides $2,000 for predoctoral trainees and $4,000 for postdoctoral trainees to assist with costs for health insurance. the most recent levels of support for training related expenses and health insurance are available on the nlm web site at http://www.nlm.nih.gov/ep/trainingdirectors.html . for each short-term trainee, applicants may request trainee-related expenses of $1,100 per year. under exceptional circumstances, which can include providing accommodations for a trainee with disabilities, it is possible to request additional training-related expenses. consultation with nlm program staff in advance of such requests is required. unless an applicant receives advance permission to do so, no exceptional expenses should be included in a submitted budget. indirect costs indirect costs (also known as facilities & administrative [f&a] costs) are reimbursed at 8% of modified total direct costs (exclusive of tuition and fees and expenditures for equipment), rather than on the basis of a negotiated rate agreement. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AG-16-006,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nia intends to commit $2m in fy 2016 to fund 5-6 awards. award budget application budgets need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project but direct costs should be limited to a maximum of $250,000 per year. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-RM-18-026,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the nih common fund (office of strategic coordination) intends to commit $1.5m total costs in fy2019 and $0.5m total costs in fy2020, fy2021, and fy2022 to fund one award. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the project period cannot exceed four years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-HL-12-019,ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the nhlbi intends to commit the following amounts: fy2012-2015 $8,550,000 (fy12: $1,800,000; fy13: $2,250,000; fy14: $2,700,000; fy15 $1,800,000) to fund up to three awards. award budget application budgets are limited to direct costs of $400,000 in year 1, $500,000 in year 2, $600,000 in year 3, $400,000 in year 4. these direct cost limitations do not include facilities and administrative costs on first-tier consortium. award project period scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum period is 4 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AG-17-057,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nia intends to commit $3.3 million in fy 2017 to fund up to 5 awards. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-CA-13-019,ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. for the group of pqs covered by this foa (group b), the nci intends to fund approximately three r21 awards per due date, corresponding to a total of up to $0.5-1 million, for the first submission round (2014) and a similar amount for the second (2015). future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget the combined budget for direct costs for the two year project period may not exceed $275,000. no more than $200,000 may be requested in any single year. application budgets must reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the total project period may not exceed 2 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DK-17-509,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niddk intends to commit $2,140,000 in fy 2018 to fund six awards. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget the awards to each clinical center will be up to $250,000 in direct costs. patient care cost should not be included in the application as it will be administered and provided by the dcc for all the cc. application budgets are not limited, but need to reflect actual needs of the proposed project. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. award project period the maximum project period is five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HD-16-020,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nichd intends to commit $4,880,000 in fy 2016 to fund 14-18 awards. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. applicants may request up to $200,000 in direct costs per year. award project period the maximum project period is five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HD-18-010,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. nichd intends to commit $6.7 million in total costs in fy 2018 to fund 1 award. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HL-16-016,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. nhlbi intends to commit $395,000 total costs in fy2016 to fund one award, and up to $790,000 total costs per year for fiscal years 2017, 2018, 2019, and 2020. award budget application budgets may not exceed direct costs of $250,000 in fy 2016 and may not exceed direct costs of $500,000 per year for fiscal years 2017, 2018, 2019 and 2020. application budgets should reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-OD-20-010,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new resubmission the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? required: only accepting applications that propose an independent clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the awards under this foa will be administered by nih using designated funds from the fda ctp for tobacco regulatory science. fda intends to commit $1.5 million in fy2021 to support 6-10 awards to foa pathway to independence award in tobacco regulatory research (k99/r00 - independent clinical trial required ) and pathway to independence award in tobacco regulatory research (k99/r00 - independent clinical trial not allowed ). awards are contingent upon funds available from the fda and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. award budget award budgets are composed of salary and other program-related expenses, as described below. award project period the total project period may not exceed 5 years. other award budget information salary fda ctp will contribute up to $90,000 per year toward the salary of the career award recipient. further guidance on budgeting for career development salaries is provided in the sf424 (r&r) application guide.see also not-od-17-094 intramural : budget details for the mentored phase will be negotiated with the sponsoring intramural laboratory institute/center and salary will be consistent with that offered new scientists in similar positions. funding will be provided by the fda center for tobacco products. extramural : mentored candidates at an extramural sponsoring institution/organization will be supported by nih extramural funds. the requested salary must be consistent both with the established salary structure at the institution and with salaries actually provided by the institution from its own funds to other staff members with equivalent qualifications, rank, and responsibilities in the department concerned. further guidance on budgeting for career development salaries is provided in the sf424 (r&r) application guide. the total salary may not exceed the legislatively mandated salary cap. see: https://grants.nih.gov/grants/policy/salcap_summary.htm . independent phase (r00 ) the total cost for the independent phase (r00) may not exceed $249,000 per year. this amount includes salary, fringe benefits, research costs, and applicable indirect costs. indirect costs will be reimbursed at the extramural sponsoring institutions indirect cost rate. indirect costs requested by consortium participants are included in the total cost limitation. other program-related expenses fda ctp will contribute $60,000 per year toward the research development costs of the award recipient, which must be justified and consistent with the stage of development of the candidate and the proportion of time to be spent in research or career development activities. research expenses may include (a) tuition and fees related to career development activities; (b) supplies, equipment and technical personnel; c) travel to research and grantee meetings or training organized by the nih and fda on tobacco regulatory research. funds from the award must be used for this travel; and (d) statistical services including personnel and computer time. salary for mentors, secretarial and administrative assistants, etc. is not allowed. indirect costs for the extramural k99 phase, indirect costs (also known as facilities & administrative [f&a] costs) are reimbursed at 8% of modified total direct costs. for the r00 phase, indirect costs will be reimbursed at the extramural sponsoring institutions indirect cost rate. nih grant policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-TW-10-008,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity will use the nih resource-related research project (r24) award mechanism for all applications, which is a flexible and specialized mechanism designed to provide resources to address problems where multiple expertise is needed to focus on a single complex problem in research or to enhance research infrastructure. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses non-modular budget formats described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). 2. funds available this initiative is supported by funds provided to the nih and hrsa under the tom lantos and henry hyde united states leadership against hiv/aids, tuberculosis, and malaria reauthorization act of 2008, public law 110-293 (more commonly known as the u.s. presidents emergency plan for aids relief [pepfar]). ogac intends to provide support for five to nine p rogrammatic grants and one coordinating center, contingent upon receipt of a sufficient number of scientifically meritorious applications starting in fy 2010. the nih oar will also contribut e funds in fy 2010 to support the programmatic awards. in addition, up to $3 million will be available for up to six p rogrammatic (linked) awards under this foa that will focus on non - communicable disease s and priority health areas related to and /or beyond hiv/aids . the se linked awards will be supported as a common fund initiative through the office of the nih director . budget proposals for the coordinating center and programmatic applications are limited to $2,000,000 total costs per year per applicant with a project period not greater than five years. coordinating center applicants must partner with at least one african institution or organization based in a sub-saharan african country which receives pepfar support; the african partners to the cc are not eligible to participate in either the programmatic or linked awards. programmatic applicants must partner with at least one u.s. and/or african institution outside the applicant university. for the programmatic applications, the funding agencies expect that beginning with the first year the majority of funds will be expended at the foreign site with an increasing amount of funds spent at the foreign site in subsequent years. the l inked applications may not exceed $ 5 00,000 t otal costs per year per award and must not exceed the project period of the associated programmatic award . linked applications must be submitted by the same institution and contact pi as the programmatic application. for the linked applications, the funding agencies expect that beginning with the first year the majority of funds will be expended at the foreign site with an increasing amount of funds spent at the foreign site in subsequent years. alterations and renovations are allowable costs for only the programmatic applications. alterations and renovations are allowable for up to $75,000 direct costs over the life of the project. alterations and renovations must be clearly justified and in direct support of the activities proposed for this initiative. all alterations and renovations must be requested specifically and approved by the awarding agency. programmatic and linked awards can request up to 8% of total direct costs (less equipment) within the total cost cap. because the nature and scope of the proposed resource-related research program will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the funding agencies and the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation, see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. section
RFA-GM-15-001,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new resubmission the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nigms intends to commit $4,500,000 in 2015 to fund 2 awards. award budget projects are limited to $1,500,000 per year in direct costs but total cost cannot exceed $2,250,000 per year. award project period the maximum period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-ES-13-006,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niehs intends to commit $1,500,000 in fy 2014 to fund 3 awards. award budget application budgets are limited to $350,000 per year direct cost but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DK-16-015,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new resubmission the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niddk intends to commit $1.5 million in fy 2016 to fund 3-5 awards. award budget application budgets are limited to up to $500,000 direct costs per year and need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. investigators may propose research projects for a minimum project period of 3 years to a maximum project period of 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DK-20-001,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new renewal from rfa-dk-15-007 the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose independent clinical trials note: appointed scholars are permitted to obtain research experience in a clinical trial led by a mentor or co-mentor. need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards niddk intends to commit $800,000 in fy 2021 to fund up to two awards. award budget application budgets are limited to $600,000 per year in direct costs and need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. other award budget information personnel costs a named program director/principal investigator (pd/pi) may request salary and fringe benefits up to 0.6 person months (5% effort). this individual will be responsible for designing, directing, and implementing the career development program. salaries requested may not exceed the levels commensurate with the institution's policy for similar positions and may not exceed the congressionally mandated cap. if mentoring interactions and other activities with scholars are considered a regular part of an individual's academic duties, then mentoring and other interactions with scholars are non-reimbursable from grant funds. the salaries of administrative and clerical staff should normally be treated as indirect (f&a) costs. direct charging of these costs may be appropriate only if all the following conditions are met: (1) administrative or clerical services are integral to a project or activity; (2) individuals involved can be specifically identified with the project or activity; (3) such costs are explicitly included in the budget or have the prior written approval of the federal awarding agency; and (4) the costs are not also recovered as indirect costs. when specifically identified and justified, these expenses must be itemized in sections a and b, as appropriate, of the r&r budget. administrative salary costs and other program related expenses (described below) may not exceed $50,000 per year. items that may not be supported with k12 funds include: salaries and fringe for program mentors; support of the mentors' laboratories, except as noted below in other program related expenses; salary and support for central institutional administrative personnel (e.g. budget officers, grants assistants), who are usually paid from institutional overhead charges; and salary and support for administrative activities such as institutional public relations or health and educational services. scholar costs scholars are those individuals who benefit from the proposed activities and experiences involved in the career development program. scholar costs must be justified as specifically required for the proposed career development program and based on institutional policies for salaries paid to individuals in similar positions, regardless of the source of funds. these expenses must be itemized in the proposed budget. niddk will provide total salary support of up to $100,000 per year. this amount does not include fringe benefits, which may be requested consistent with the institutional salary scale. scholars are required to devote 9 person-months (75%) of full-time professional effort conducting research and research career development activities. scholars who are urologic surgeons may request between 6 and 9 person-months (50% to 75%) of full-time professional effort conducting research and career development activities. research and career development support: up to $40,000 per year per scholar may be requested for the following types of expenses: (a) research supplies, equipment, and technical personnel; (b) tuition and fees related to didactic courses or career development; and (c) travel to research meetings or training. of the funds requested, $30,000 should specifically be used for support of the candidates' research-related activities to generate preliminary data (pilot projects or other research costs). institutions are encouraged to demonstrate their commitment to the program by contributing additional funds for pilot research projects or tuition support, where possible. of the funds requested for each scholar, the budget must include travel to the urology program directors meeting (collaborating for the advancement of interdisciplinary research in benign urology (caribu), ( https://niddkcairibu.urology.wisc.edu/ ) that is held annually in december. these travel funds are part of the $40,000 budget cap. other program related expenses consultant costs, equipment, supplies, travel for key persons, and other program-related expenses may be included in the proposed budget. these expenses must be justified as specifically required by the proposed program and must not duplicate items generally available at the applicant institution. minimal costs can be allocated for advertising and recruitment to attract the best candidates nationally. some laboratory costs for equipment and supplies may be provided to the mentors to offset costs directly attributable to the scholar's project. these costs, together with administrative personnel costs (described above), may not exceed $50,000 per year. travel to the urology program directors' meeting for the pd/pi must be included in the budget and is not included in the $50,000 cap described above. this meeting will be held every 12 months during the project period. indirect costs indirect costs (also known as facilities & administrative [f&a] costs) are reimbursed at 8% of modified total direct costs (exclusive of tuition and fees, consortium costs in excess of $25,000, and expenditures for equipment), rather than on the basis of a negotiated rate agreement. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-TR-20-001,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new resubmission the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards ncats intends to commit total costs of $500,000 in fy 2020, $1,000,000 in fy 2021, and $1,500,000 in fy2022. ncats expects to fund up to 2 new awards in fy2020, 2 new awards in fy2021, and up to 2 new awards in fy2022 for a total of up to 6 new awards. the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications.
RFA-NS-17-011,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new renewal from previously awarded ninds p30 core grants resubmission applications to rfa-ns-16-004 the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards ninds intends to commit $1,500,000 in fy 2017 to fund approximately 5 awards. award budget applications may request up to $300,000 per year in direct costs. award project period the maximum project period is four years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-MH-09-173,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this foa will use the nimh r34/collaborative r34 award mechanism. each set of linked collaborative r34 applications may not exceed three applications. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. for the collaborative r34 mechanism, applications must be submitted as a linked group or set of r34s, usually one r34 application per participating pd/pi. for each set of linked collaborative r34 applications, it is expected that each application will be coordinated and interlocked with the others as each application will contribute an essential component to the overall study. in the case of multi-site clinical trials, it is anticipated that the same protocol will be submitted by each site. however, there are likely to be elements unique to some sites (e.g., data coordination, fidelity assessment, statistical analyses) (see section iv.6 special instructions for collaborative r34 applications). this foa uses just-in-time information concepts (see sf424 (r&r) application guide ) . it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ) . specifically, a u.s. organization submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs) must use the phs398 modular budget component. u.s. applicants requesting more than $250,000 in annual direct costs must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component. 2. funds available this initiative supported by funds provided to the nih under the american recovery & reinvestment act of 2009 ( recovery act or arra ), public law 111-5. the nih intends to commit approximately $57,000,000 in total costs for fy09 and fy10 to support approximately 40-50 grants in response to this foa and the companion r01, collaborative r01, and r21 foas. for r34/collaborative r34 applications, budgets for direct costs of up to $225,000 per year and a project duration of up to two years may be requested for a maximum of $450,000 direct costs over a two-year project period. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the participating nih institutes and centers ( ic(s) ) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 . this program is supported by funds provided to the nih under the recovery act. the purpose of the recovery act is to stimulate the american economy through job preservation and creation, infrastructure investment, energy efficiency and science, and other means. consistent with these goals, domestic (united states) institutions/organizations who are planning to submit applications that include foreign components should be aware that requested funding for any foreign component should not exceed 10% of the total requested direct costs or $25,000 (aggregate total for a subcontract or multiple subcontracts), whichever is less . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HL-19-019,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: accepting applications that do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. nhlbi intends to commit $1,559,000 total costs in fy 2019, in fy 2020, and in fy 2021 to fund up to 6 awards. award budget the total institutional direct costs may not exceed $240,000 each year. the costs should reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the maximum project period is three years. other award budget information personnel costs individuals designing, directing, and implementing the research education program may request salary and fringe benefits appropriate for the person months devoted to the program. salaries requested may not exceed the levels commensurate with the institution's policy for similar positions and may not exceed the congressionally mandated cap. (if mentoring interactions and other activities with participants are considered a regular part of an individual's academic duties, then any costs associated with the mentoring and other interactions with participants are not allowable costs from grant funds). limited program-related administrative and clerical salary costs associated distinctly with the program that are not normally provided by the applicant organization may be direct charges to the grant only when they are in accordance with applicable cost principles. when specifically identified and justified, these expenses must be itemized in the budget. participant costs participant travel, housing and meal expenses for attending this program, and tuition for the courses are allowable costs. grant funds may not be used to supplant funds or resources otherwise available at the applicant institution. stipends and expenses for foreign travel are not allowed. other program-related expenses consultant costs, equipment, supplies, travel for key persons, and other program-related expenses may be included in the proposed budget. these expenses must be justified as specifically required by the proposed program and must not duplicate items generally available at the applicant institution. indirect costs indirect costs (also known as facilities & administrative [f&a] costs) are reimbursed at 8% of modified total direct costs (exclusive of tuition and fees and expenditures for equipment), rather than on the basis of a negotiated rate agreement. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-RM-17-013,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the nih common fund intends to commit approximately $5,000,000 per year contingent upon receiving scientifically meritorious applications. 4-6 awards are anticipated from this solicitation. award budget application budgets are limited to $600,000 direct cost per year and need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the maximum project period is 4 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DA-20-003,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nih intends to commit $3.9 million in fy2020 to fund 1 award. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the maximum project period is 7 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-ES-08-003,section ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this foa will use the r01 award mechanism. the principal investigator (pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts (see sf424 (r&r) application guide ) . it also uses the non-modular budget format (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ) . applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component. 2. funds available niehs intends to commit up to 2.4 million dollars in direct costs ($3.6 million in total costs) in fy 2009 to fund 6 new grants in response to this foa. an applicant may request a project period of up to 5 years and a budget for direct costs up to $400,000 dollars in each of the first and second years and $275,000 in each of years 3-5. see section iv.6, other submission requirements and information below for details on the breakdown of the budget. niehs intends to release this foa again in each of the next two years, contingent on availability of funds. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HL-08-007,section ii.2). the evaluation of the rcu will be separate from the overall review of the scientific merit of the application (see section iv. 2.b).
RFA-MD-16-003,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nimhd intends to commit $2.25 million in fy 2017 to fund approximately 3 awards. award budget application budgets are limited to $500,000 direct costs annually. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AR-19-012,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards niams intends to commit $2 million in fy2019 and $2 million in fy2020 to fund 4-6 awards each year. award budget application budgets are limited to $250,000 direct costs per year and need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the maximum period of the combined r61/r33 is three years, with up to two years for the r61 phase and one year for the r33 phase. funding of the r33 award will be determined by successful completion of the r61 scientific goals, as determined by nih. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-AA-09-001,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity will use the nih cooperative agreement (u01) award mechanism(s). the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses non-modular budget formats described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). this funding opportunity will use a cooperative agreement award mechanism. in the cooperative agreement mechanism, the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) retains the primary responsibility and dominant role for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project, with nih staff being substantially involved as a partner with the principal investigator, as described under the section vi. 2. administrative requirements , "cooperative agreement terms and conditions of award". it is not known whether this cooperative agreement will be continued beyond the initial award period. 2. funds available niaaa intends to award up to $3,000,000 in fy2009. it is anticipated that up to four awards will be made. it is anticipated that individual awards will range from $250,000 to $750,000 in direct costs per year. funding may be requested for five years or less, depending on the protocol. the estimated amount of funds available for support of each project awarded as a result of this announcement is up to $750,000 for fiscal year 2009. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations total costs. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation, see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. section
RFA-HG-11-014,ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nhgri intends to commit a total of $5 million dollars in fy 2012 to fund applications submitted in response to this foa and its companion rfa-hg-11-013. between 10 and 14 awards will be made. awards issued under this foa are contingent on the availability of funds and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. award budget application budgets need to reflect actual needs of the proposed project, with a maximum of $275,000 direct costs for the project. award project period the maximum project period is 2 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AI-17-001,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niaid intends to commit $4 million in fy 2018 to fund 4-5 awards. award budget application budgets are limited to $350,000 direct costs per year, and must reflect actual needs of the proposed project. award project period scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AG-20-037,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nia intends to commit $3,525,000 million in fy 2020 to fund 6 awards. award budget no more than $400,000 in direct costs may be requested in any single year. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-CA-14-018,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nci intends to commit approximately $2.15 million to support 4 to 6 pptc research programs awards in fy 2015. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-RM-12-017,section ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nih common fund intends to commit $15 million dollars in fy 2013 for this initiative. component institutes and centers of nih may provide additional funds based on specific programmatic interests and availability of funds. the number of awards depends on the size and scope of the most meritorious applications, programmatic interest, and availability of funds. award budget there is no budget limit per application up to the funds made available for the entire initiative. award project period the maximum project period is five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HL-17-005,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. nhlbi intends to fund one award, corresponding to total costs of up to $5,897,700 in fiscal year 2017. award budget application budgets should not exceed $4,728,000 direct costs in fiscal year 2017, $4,990,000 direct costs in fiscal year 2018, $3,965,000 direct costs in fiscal year 2019, $3,465,000 direct costs in fiscal year 2020, $3,135,000 direct costs in fiscal year 2021, and $1,375,000 direct costs in fiscal years 2022 and 2023. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is up to 7 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DE-20-002,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nidcr intends to commit $2 million in fy 2020 to fund two awards. award budget application budgets are limited to $650,000 direct costs per year for all years, and must reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the maximum project period is eight years, dependent on progress review. non-competing continuation to years six, seven and eight will be based heavily on evidence that the pd/pi career and productivity remain at a soaring trajectory. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-EB-15-003,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards issuing ic intends to commit an estimated total of $3m in fy15 for four years to fund 1-3 awards. award budget application budgets are not limited but should reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. typical direct costs for centers range between $600,000 and $1,000,000. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 4 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DA-10-019,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this foa will use the r01 award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts (see sf424 (r&r) application guide ) . it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ) . specifically, a u.s. organization submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs) must use the phs398 modular budget component. u.s. applicants requesting more than $250,000 in annual direct costs and all foreign applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component. 2. funds available the total amount of funding that nida expects to award through this announcement is up to $10m, provided there are sufficient funds. it is anticipated that 1-4 awards will be made. the expected direct cost amount for individual awards may be up to $2.5m for a total of 5 years because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-CA-10-015,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity will use the nih u01 cooperative agreement award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses non-modular budget formats described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). this funding opportunity will use a cooperative agreement award mechanism. in the cooperative agreement mechanism, the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) retains the primary responsibility and dominant role for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project, with nih staff being substantially involved as a partner with the principal investigator, as described under the section vi. 2. administrative requirements , "cooperative agreement terms and conditions of award". 2. funds available the estimated amount of funds available for support of one center awarded as a result of this announcement is $500,000 for fiscal year 2011. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the nci provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. section
RFA-MH-14-100,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nimh intends to commit approximately $10,000,000 in fy 2014 to fund 10-18 grants in response to this foa and the companion announcements. award budget application budgets are not limited, but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the total project period may not exceed five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-CA-11-001,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity will use the nih cooperative agreement specialized center (u54) award mechanism(s). the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses non-modular budget formats described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). this funding opportunity will use a cooperative agreement award mechanism. in the cooperative agreement mechanism, the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) retains the primary responsibility and dominant role for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project, with nih staff being substantially involved as a partner with the principal investigator, as described under the section vi. 2. administrative requirements , "cooperative agreement terms and conditions of award". reflecting the two categories of eligible applicants, the foa solicits: 1. u54 competing renewal (type 2) linked applications; and 2. new (type 1) linked applications for u54 comprehensive partnership awards from the u56 of awardees seeking the full comprehensive partnership status. 2. funds available the estimated amount of funds available for support of four or five applications (two partnerships) awarded as a result of this announcement is $6.25 million for fiscal year 2011. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. an applicant may request a project period of up to 5 years. the u54 awardees submitting type 2 applications and u56 awardees submitting type 1 applications will compete for the same pool of awards (which will be significantly smaller than the number of applications). combined direct costs limit, the direct costs budgeted in the applications from both partner institutions together cannot exceed $2.0 million per year per pair and $2.5 million per year per triad of linked applications. if there is a third/fourth party subcontract, only the direct costs of the subcontract will count against the limit of $2.0 or $2.5 million. future years may include cost of living adjustments of 3 percent over the maximum direct cost budget limit for each institution in the partnership. in addition, each partnership must plan for one full time community health educator (che) position (can be split between two individuals on part time positions, if desirable). regardless of the number of individuals designated as ches, the budget allocation for the che position must not exceed $125,000 total costs per year. this amount includes salary, travel to nci once a year for a training workshop, and travel between the u54 partner institutions. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation; see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. section
RFA-AI-18-005,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards niaid intends to commit $9 million dollars in fy 2019 to fund 3-5 awards. award budget application budgets are limited to $1.5 million direct costs per year which includes up to $60,000 in direct costs for up to two development and research program (drp) awards per year. application budgets need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum period is five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-MH-19-412,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nih intends to fund an estimate of 4-6 awards, corresponding to a total of $2,000,000 in direct costs for fiscal year 2019 to fund this foa and the companion foas. award budget direct costs are limited to $2,499,995 over the entire r01 project period, with no more than $499,999 in direct costs allowed in any single year. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-DA-15-019,ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the total amount of funds available for the award is $4 million dollars in fiscal year 2015. we anticipate making 4-8 awards. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-TR-18-021,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards ncats intends to commit an estimated $3.5 million in direct costs in fy 2019 to fund one cooperative agreement application in response to this foa. award budget applicants may request up to $3.5 million in direct costs in fy 2019. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-DA-09-007,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this foa will use the national institutes of health (nih) research project grant (r01) award mechanism with the following modifications: an applicant may only request a project period of up to 5 years, and direct costs may not exceed $500,000 per year. the project director(s)/principal investigator(s) (pd/pi or pds/pis) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts (see sf424 (r&r) application guide ) . it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ) . specifically, a u.s. organization submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs) must use the phs398 modular budget component. all foreign applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component. 2. funds available nida intends to commit approximately $1.5 million in fiscal year 2009 to fund approximately 4-6 applications. although the financial plans of nida provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this foa are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. budget requests should be carefully justified and commensurate with the complexity of the project. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DK-19-003,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new renewal resubmission the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards niddk intends to commit up to $ 5.8m in fy 2020 to fund up to 5 awards. the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. award budget application budgets are limited to $750,000 direct costs per year. equipment costs (only allowed for first year) and indirect costs on subcontracts are not included in the $750,000 direct cost cap. it is anticipated that the award budget will be directly correlated to the breadth, quality and relevance to cystic fibrosis of the research base being served by the center. award project period the maximum project period may not exceed 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-HL-18-020,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new resubmission the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? clinical trials not allowed for due dates on or after january 25, 2018: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nhlbi intends to commit total costs of $3,000,000 in fy 2018, $6,000,000 in fy 2019, and $3,000,000 in fy 2020 to fund up to 12 awards. award budget application budgets may not exceed $324,000 in direct costs per year and must reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is two years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AR-14-015,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the phs 398 application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nih intends to commit up to $1.4 million in total costs in fy 2014 to fund one award. award budget application budgets are limited to $2 million per year in total costs for years one and two, and are limited to $3 million per year in years three, four and five. award project period the total project period may not exceed five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HL-18-010,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the nhlbi intends to commit total costs up to $2,850,000 per year in fiscal years 2018 through 2022 to support up to 5 awards. award budget application budget direct costs may not exceed $250,000 per year in fiscal years 2018 through 2022. applicants may request an additional $50,000 per year to support plans for postdoctorates or other early stage investigators to gain skills as a result of participating in the research project as described in section iv. 2. sf424(r&r) other project information. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-ES-21-002,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new (phase i) the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for the foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards niehs intends to commit $2m in fy2021 to fund 6-8 awards. award budget total funding support (direct costs, indirect costs, fee) normally may not exceed $ 256,580 for phase i awards. in all cases, applicants should propose a budget that is reasonable and appropriate for completion of the research project. award project period durations up to 1 year for phase i may be requested. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-AA-14-003,ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niaaa intends to fund one award, up to $2 million in total costs, for fiscal year 2015. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget the application may not exceed $2.0 million in total costs per year. award project period applicants may request up to 5 years of support. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DK-11-011,section ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the niddk intends to commit $1,250,000 in total costs for seven awards in fiscal year 2012. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. the seven new awards will support four high school programs and three undergraduate programs. for the high school program two institutions will be awarded to coordinate recruitment of students from the forty-eight contiguous united states (excluding american indian students); one institution will be responsible for recruiting american indian and alaska native students and students from puerto rico; and one institution will be funded to coordinate recruitment of students from the pacific islands. for the undergraduate program, three institutions will be funded to coordinate recruitment of college students from all us states and territories. award budget the proposed budgets must reflect actual needs of the proposed project. it is expected that the application will adhere to the following budgetary guidelines: direct costs for the high school program cannot exceed $158,000 per year. for the undergraduate program, the direct cost cannot exceed $172,000 per year. award project period the total project period for an application submitted in response to this funding opportunity announcement may not exceed 5 years. other award budget information personnel costs individuals designing, directing, and implementing the research education program may request salary and fringe benefits appropriate for the person months devoted to the program. salaries requested may not exceed the levels commensurate with the institution's policy for similar positions and may not exceed the congressionally mandated cap. (if mentoring interactions and other activities with students/participants are considered a regular part of an individual's academic duties, then any costs associated with the mentoring and other interactions with students/participants are not allowable costs from grant funds). it is expected that total personnel costs (including salary and fringe benefits) are not to exceed $40,000 per project year. participant costs participants may be paid if specifically required for the proposed research education program and sufficiently justified. participant costs must be itemized in the proposed budget. allowable participant costs depend on the educational level/career status of the individuals recruited to participate in the program. institutions may request support for at least 20 but no more than 25 student participants, per budget period, based on a full-time, ten to twelve week appointment. the allowance for high school students participating in the program should not exceed $2,500 for ten to twelve weeks in each summer. the allowance for each undergraduate student participating in the program should not exceed $3,500 per year. other program-related expenses consultant costs, equipment, supplies, travel for key persons, and other program-related expenses may be included in the proposed budget. these expenses must be justified as specifically required by the proposed program and must not duplicate items generally available at the applicant institution. the institution may request up to $500 per student per mentor per year to cover the costs of laboratory supplies and expenses. travel cost are not to exceed $1,200 for each student per year, $1,300 for each pd/pi, program coordinator and chaperone per year. travel expenses for chaperones are only allowed in the high school program. one chaperone is required per 6 high school students all chaperones must be directly affiliated with the program (e.g. pds/pis, program coordinators, research mentors, and former participants). an additional $2,000 per year is available to cover other expenses directly related to the program. indirect costs indirect costs (also known as facilities & administrative [f&a] costs) are reimbursed at 8% of modified total direct costs (exclusive of tuition and fees and expenditures for equipment), rather than on the basis of a negotiated rate agreement. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DK-12-010,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niddk intends to commit approximately $1.5 million in fy 2013 to fund 3-4 awards to the consortium. the aggregate amount shown below must reflect the contribution of all participating ics/components. a document or mou must be attached in sharepoint that specifies the contribution for each ic/component. award budget application budgets for pccs should match the amount of work proposed, and may approximate $200,000 to $300,000 in direct costs per year. application budgets for dccs should match the amount of work proposed, and may approximate $200,000 to $450,000 in direct costs per year. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-MH-19-145,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new resubmission revision the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards issuing ic and partner components intend to commit an estimated total of $3 million to fund 3-5 new awards at each receipt date. it is expected that costs will be substantially higher after the first year of these awards. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-MH-20-300,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nimh intends to commit $2.5m in fy20 to fund 3-5 awards. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 4 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-GM-17-002,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nigms intends to commit $60 million in fy 2017 to fund up to 100 awards. award budget applications may request up to $750,000 direct costs per year. investigators are encouraged to request what is actually well justified for their research program. in general, the request should be commensurate with the investigators average total nigms research funding over the past few years. cost efficiency is one of the goals of the principles of nigms stewardship of public funds and will be one of the considerations in funding decisions. award project period applications may request a maximum project period of five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DE-18-001,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. nih intends to fund an estimate of 3 to 4 awards, corresponding to total costs of $2.5 million, for fiscal year 2018. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget application budgets are limited to $500,000 direct costs per year. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-CA-14-502,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nci intends to commit $21.4 million in fiscal year 2015 to fund one award. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget the application budget needs to reflect the actual needs of the proposed consortium but must not exceed $21.4 million in total costs for year one, with a total 5-year cost not to exceed $107 million. award project period a project period of 5 years must be proposed. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HD-12-205,ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations, and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. nichd intends to commit an estimated total of $500,000 to fund 3-5 awards in fiscal year 2012. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget for this funding opportunity, budgets up to $ $250,000 direct costs per year and time periods up to two years with two-year direct cost total awards not exceeding $275,000 may be requested. award project period the total project period for an application submitted in response to this funding opportunity may not exceed two years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HG-10-019,section ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new phase i new (fast-track) renewal (phase ii) the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) sbir/sttr application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards issuing ic intends to commit an estimated total of $2m per year total costs, and anticipates up to five awards. award budget according to statutory guidelines, total funding support normally may not exceed $150,000 for phase i awards and $1,000,000 for phase ii awards. applicants are encouraged to propose a budget that is reasonable and appropriate for completion of the research project. award project period according to statutory guidelines, award periods normally may not exceed 6 months (sbir)/1 year (sttr) for phase i and 2 years for phase ii. applicants are encouraged to propose a project duration period that is reasonable and appropriate for completion of the research project. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. section
RFA-HL-13-018,section ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nhlbi intends to fund two to three new awards in fy 2013, 2014, and 2015, corresponding to a total of $300,000 for new grants per fiscal year. award budget award budgets are composed of salary and other program-related expenses, as described below. award project period the total project period may not exceed 5 years. other award budget information salary nih will contribute $75,000 plus fringe benefits per year toward the salary of the career award recipient. the total salary requested must be based on a full-time staff appointment. the salary must be consistent both with the established salary structure at the institution and with salaries actually provided by the institution from its own funds to other staff members of equivalent qualifications, rank, and responsibilities in the department concerned. the sponsoring institution may supplement the nih salary contribution up to a level that is consistent with the institution's salary scale. however, supplementation may not be from federal funds unless specifically authorized by the federal program from which such funds are derived. in no case may phs funds be used for salary supplementation. institutional supplementation of salary must not require extra duties or responsibilities that would interfere with the purpose of the career award. other program-related expenses nih will contribute $36,000 per year toward the research development costs of the award recipient, which must be justified and consistent with the stage of development of the candidate and the proportion of time to be spent in research or career development activities. salary for mentors, secretarial and administrative assistants, etc. is not allowed. indirect costs indirect costs (also known as facilities & administrative [f&a] costs) are reimbursed at 8% of modified total direct costs. nih grant policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DK-19-019,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards niddk intends to commit $2,000,000 in fy 2021 to fund 4-5 awards. award budget application budgets are limited to $500,000 direct costs per year and need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-AI-21-030,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards niaid intends to commit $30 million in fy 2022 to fund 5 to 6 awards. award budget application budgets are limited to $3.5 million direct costs (excluding consortium f & a costs) and should reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the project period must be 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-HL-13-005,ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement application types allowed new the oer glossary and the phs398 application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the nhlbi intends to fund approximately 7-10 awards and commit $72.85 million total costs to the excellence in hemglobinopathies research awards program over a period of five years. a total cost of $14 million will be committed for fy 2013. award budget application budgets are not limited, but need to reflect actual needs of the proposed project. each application must also include a proposal for an administrative coordinating center (acc). the acc budget cannot exceed $150,000 direct costs and will be awarded to one of the funded centers. award project period five years nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HD-12-195,ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the phs398 application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the nichd, nidcd, niehs, nimh, and ninds intend to commit approximately $26 million total for the first year of funding for this funding opportunity and the companion foa for ace networks ( rfa-hd-12-196 ). the first year of funding will be in either fy2012 or fy2013. approximately 10 to 15 ace awards are anticipated in response to the two foas. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations, and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation (see not-od-05-004 ). to estimate the cost of data sharing, please visit http://ndar.nih.gov/ndarpublicweb/documents/ndar_data_submission_costs.xls .. award budget an applicant may request an annual budget for direct costs up to $1.5 million for a center. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AI-18-036,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? required: only accepting applications that propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards niaid intends to commit $15 million in fy 2020 to fund 1-2 awards. award budget budgets for directs costs of up to $10,000,000 per year may be requested. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 7 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-HD-17-007,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new renewal of awards to rfa-hd-12-186 , rfa-hd-10-020 , rfa-hd-09-004 resubmission the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nichd intends to commit up to $1,937,000 for fiscal year 2017 to fund up to 3-4 awards. funding is contingent on the availability of appropriated funds. award budget nichd expects requested direct costs to range from $200,000 to $500,000 per year. requested annual direct costs may not exceed the lowest of the following: the center's externally funded annual support for population dynamics research and training (direct costs). for new applications, maximum direct costs may not exceed $200,000. for renewal applications, requested increases over the prior competitive award may not exceed $125,000 more than the prior competitive award. however, maximum requested annual direct costs may not exceed $500,000 award project period the total project period for an application submitted in response to this foa may not exceed five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HG-12-006,ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations, and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. nhgri intends to fund an estimate of 3-5 awards, corresponding to a total of $2.6m, for fiscal year 2013. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget $750k total costs in fy13, $1m total costs per year in fy14-fy16. award project period the maximum period is 4 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-CA-17-045,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nci intends to commit $7 million in total costs in fy 2018 to fund 8-9 awards. award budget each application budget is limited to $500,000 in direct costs per year. award project period the total project period request may not exceed 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HL-18-013,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nhlbi intends to commit total costs up to $4,000,000 in fy 2018, $4,000,000 in fy 2019, $4,000,000 in fy 2020, $4,000,000 in fy 2021 and $4,000,000 in fy 2022 to fund up to four awards. award budget application budgets may not exceed direct costs of $900,000 in fy 2018, $900,000 in fy 2019, $900,000 in fy 2020, $900,000 in fy 2021 and $900,000 in fy 2022. administrative coordination unit - a separate budget for up to an additional $100,000 in direct costs per year may be requested for the overall programs administrative core. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. other award budget information personnel costs individuals designing, directing, and implementing the career development program may request salary and fringe benefits appropriate for the person months devoted to the program. salaries requested may not exceed the levels commensurate with the institution's policy for similar positions and may not exceed the congressionally mandated cap. if mentoring interactions and other activities with scholars are considered a regular part of an individual's academic duties, then mentoring and other interactions with scholars are non-reimbursable from grant funds. limited program-related administrative and clerical salary costs associated distinctly with the program that are not normally provided by the applicant organization as f&a costs may be direct charges to the grant only when they are in accordance with applicable cost principles. for institutions covered by 45 cfr 75.413(c) , this type of program may qualify as a major project where administrative salaries are allowable as a direct cost. when specifically identified and justified, these expenses must be itemized in sections a and b, as appropriate, of the r&r budget. participant costs scholars are those individuals who benefit from the proposed activities and experiences involved in the career development program. scholar costs must be justified as specifically required for the proposed career development program and based on institutional policies for salaries paid to individuals in similar positions, regardless of the source of funds. these expenses must be itemized in the proposed budget. application budgets should include travel costs for scholars to rotate through the four different glycosciences career development sites for 2 to 3 weeks per year based on scientific projects. other program related expenses consultant costs, equipment, supplies, travel for key personnel, and other program-related expenses may be included in the proposed budget. these expenses must be justified as specifically required by the proposed program and must not duplicate items generally available at the applicant institution. indirect costs indirect costs (also known as facilities & administrative [f&a] costs) are reimbursed at 8% of modified total direct costs (exclusive of tuition and fees, consortium costs in excess of $25,000, and expenditures for equipment), rather than on the basis of a negotiated rate agreement. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AI-17-026,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niaid intends to commit $16 million in fy 2019 to fund 15-20 awards. award budget recommended budget for direct costs of up to $750,000 per year may be requested. applicants may also request up to an additional $300,000 in the first year of the award for major equipment to ensure that research objectives can be met and biohazards can be contained, totaling $1,050,000 direct costs for year 1 only. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-NS-10-002,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this foa will use the nih research education grant (r25) award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time concepts ( see sf424 (r&r) application guide ) . it also uses the non-modular budget format. applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the sf424 research and related (r&r) budget component found in the application package for this foa. research education grant support under this foa is for new projects only; renewal (formerly competing continuation ) applications and resubmission applications will not be accepted. 2. funds available because the nature and scope of the proposed research education program will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award may vary. although the financial plans of the ninds provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. base (year 1) support for research education programs. the total project period for an application submitted in response to this funding opportunity may not exceed 5 years. although the size of the award may vary among research education programs, applications must stay within the following budgetary guideline: direct costs requested in the initial application may be up to $70,000 per participant, annually. the grant submitted in response to this foa will support salary plus fringe for 80% participant effort (4 full days during the monday through friday workweek), for a period of 6 to 12 months per participant. salary support will be calculated as the duration of 80% research effort multiplied by the base salary level of the participant. it is anticipated that most programs will initially receive support for one new participant during the first year. however, applicants may request support for more than one participant in the first year if multiple outstanding potential participants are identified. once a grant has been awarded, supplemental requests for support of additional participants may be submitted (see below). support for participant travel to one meeting per year may also be requested. supplemental requests for support in years 2 - 5. support for participants in years 2 5 will be administered via administrative supplements. requests for supplemental funding may be made for two purposes. 1) in years 2 5, supplemental funds may be requested to support new participants, who will begin during residency. these participants must be identified and a brief description of the research education program tailored for each participant must be described. these supplements will be awarded on a competitive basis, based on suitability of the proposed participants and available funds. some programs may be poised to provide research education, training and mentoring to multiple outstanding residents. although we anticipate that each program will support only 1 or 2 new participants each year, there is no limit to the number of participants a program may request support for. however, requests on behalf of outstanding candidates from institutions with fewer participants may be given preference. in all cases, supplements may be requested to support participant salary and fringe, plus travel to one meeting, and may not exceed $70,000 direct cost per participant. when requesting support for more than one participant in a single supplement application, the pi should clearly separate the materials submitted in support of each participant (see below for required materials). supplement requests will be reviewed administratively at ninds. awards will be competitive in the sense that it is anticipated that there will be more requests than awards made. 2) supplements may be requested to continue the education/training during fellowship years of a participant who has completed at least 6 months of support under this foa during residency. each participant may receive up to 24 months of support via this funding mechanism over the course of their residency and fellowship years. whereas these supplement requests will be examined to ensure the continuation of meritorious participants, these requests will not compete with supplement requests for new participants. all participants who begin this program during residency will receive additional support during a research fellowship year, subject to satisfactory progress and an appropriate training/education plan. submission and evaluation of supplemental requests. applications will be evaluated administratively, and funds will be allocated, depending on availability of funds, based on evidence of the participants potential in research, the mentoring/training plan and the programs record of success in transitioning residents and fellows to independent mentored funding. supplement applications must be prepared using the phs 398 forms. applications should consist of a 3 page (maximum) description of the research education and research plan. the research education and research plan should be written by the prospective participant. mentors must be chosen from those listed in the primary application. in addition to the 3 page description, supplement applications should include a curriculum vitae from the participant, and a letter of support from the proposed mentor that describes the mentoring, education and research plan for this participant. applications for supplemental support to continue in the program in the fellowship year should include, in addition to the 3 page description of future research education and research plan, a brief (2 - 3 pages) description of progress made during the residency year. this description of future plans should also be written by the prospective participant. whereas the components of the supplement application (except for the letter of support from the proposed mentor) are to be written by the prospective participant, the administrative supplement must be submitted by the pd/pi of the primary grant and sent directly to the chief, ninds scientific review branch, on paper forms. this application must be signed by the pd/pi of the primary r25 award and the signing institutional official responsible for administration of the award. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants will not be not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004. all awards are subject to the availability of funds. the estimated amount of funds available for support of projects awarded as a result of this announcement is $1,100,000 for fiscal year 2010. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HL-11-006,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity will use the u01 award mechanism(s). the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses non-modular budget formats described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). this funding opportunity will use a cooperative agreement award mechanism. in the cooperative agreement mechanism, the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) retains the primary responsibility and dominant role for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project, with nih staff being substantially involved as a partner with the principal investigator, as described under the section vi. 2. administrative requirements , "cooperative agreement terms and conditions of award". 2. funds available nhlbi intends to commit approximately $76 million in total costs over a 5-year period to fund 5-8 new grants in response to this foa. applicants may request a project period up to five years. each budget year may not exceed the following direct cost thresholds: year one $500,000, year two $825,000, years three, four and five $1,500,000. the total direct cost threshold must not exceed $5,825,000 and total cost must not exceed $9,500,000 for each applicant over the entire project period . the estimated amount of funds available for support of 5-8 projects awarded as a result of this announcement is $6 million for fiscal year 2011. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the nhlbi provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation, see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. section
RFA-DA-11-002,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this foa will use the dp1 award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts (see sf424 (r&r) application guide). budgets are not required. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts (see sf424 (r&r) application guide ) . budgets are not required and will not be accepted. 2. funds available sufficient funds have been set aside in fy2011 to provide 2-3 awards, contingent upon the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. awards will be for $500,000 in direct costs each year for five years, plus applicable facilities and administrative (f&a) costs to be determined at the time of award. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AG-09-004,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this foa will use the nih exploratory/developmental research grant (r21) award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts (see sf424 (r&r) application guide ) . it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ) . specifically, a u.s. organization submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs) must use the phs398 modular budget component. u.s. applicants requesting more than $250,000 in annual direct costs and all foreign applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component. 2. funds available the nia intends to commit up to $1.0 million in total costs in fy2009 to fund up to 5 new grants in response to this rfa. direct costs for r21 application may not exceed $275,000 over two years and may not exceed $200,000 in either year. direct costs for these applications may not exceed $100,000 for the first year. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-ES-11-005,section ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niehs intends to commit in fy 2011 $1.6 million for approximately 5 - 6 awards. award budget an applicant may request a budget for direct costs up to $200,000 per year. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by third party consortia or subcontracts are not included in the direct cost limitation; see not-od-05-004 , november 2, 2004. award project period scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum period is 3 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-RM-08-022,ii. all pnsc members listed above will have voting power. the nih will not hold the majority vote on the pnsc. non-voting, ad-hoc members, as deemed necessary, may be appointed by the chair of the pnsc or the nih project officer.
RFA-DA-17-019,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nida intends to commit $1,000,000 in fy16 to fund one award. award budget application budget should reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the project period is limited to 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-MH-20-307,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nimh intends to commit $3 million in fy 2021 to fund 4-6 meritorious applications. award budget application budgets are limited to $500,000 in direct costs (not including consortium f&a) in any project year, and need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 4 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-DK-20-003,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? required: only accepting applications that propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the niddk intends to commit $6 million in fy 2021 to support two related approaches to the establishment of the liver cirrhosis network as embodied in rfa-dk-20-003 and rfa-dk-20-004. it is expected that up to 11 awards will be supported in fy 2021 in total under these two rfas. award budget initial award request may be no more than $250,000 direct costs . based on project data provided in the future annual rppr, some awards may be adjusted (e.g., reduced or increased above the initial budget threshold) to accommodate recruitment and other scientific and patient care needs associated with the network operations and approved scientific projects. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-RM-20-002,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nih intends to fund an estimate of 4-6 awards, corresponding to a total of approximately $4,000,000 for fiscal year 2020 and 2021, and $8,000,000 for fiscal years 2022 and 2023. the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 4 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-OD-20-011,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new resubmission the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? required: only accepting applications that propose an independent clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the awards under this foa will be administered by nih using designated funds from the fda ctp for tobacco regulatory science. fda intends to commit $1 million in fy2021 to support 6-10 awards to this foa and its clinical trial not allowed foa mentored research scientist career development award in tobacco regulatory research (k01 - independent clinical trial required ) and mentored research scientist career development award in tobacco regulatory research (k01 - independent clinical trial not allowed ). awards are contingent upon funds available from the fda and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. award budget award budgets are composed of salary and other program-related expenses, as described below. award project period the total project period may not exceed 5 years. other award budget information salary fda ctp will contribute up to $90,000 per year toward the salary of the career award recipient. further guidance on budgeting for career development salaries is provided in the sf424 (r&r) application guide.see also not-od-17-094 the total nih contribution to salary, however, may not exceed the legislatively mandated salary cap. see: http://grants.nih.gov/grants/policy/salcap_summary.htm the sponsoring institution may supplement the fda salary contribution up to a level that is consistent with the institution's salary scale. however, supplementation may not be from federal funds unless specifically authorized by the federal program from which such funds are derived. in no case may hhs funds be used for salary supplementation. institutional supplementation of salary must not require extra duties or responsibilities that would interfere with the purpose of the career award. other program-related expenses fda ctp will contribute $60,000 per year toward the research development costs of the award recipient, which must be justified and consistent with the stage of development of the candidate and the proportion of time to be spent in research or career development activities. research expenses may include (a) tuition and fees related to career development activities; (b) supplies, equipment and technical personnel; c) travel to research and grantee meetings or training organized by the nih and fda on tobacco regulatory research. funds from the award must be used for this travel; and (d) statistical services including personnel and computer time. salary for mentors, secretarial and administrative assistants, etc. is not allowed. indirect costs indirect costs (also known as facilities & administrative [f&a] costs) are reimbursed at 8% of modified total direct costs. nih grant policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-AG-20-008,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials note: appointed trainees are permitted to obtain research experience in a clinical trial led by a mentor or co-mentor. need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. nia intends to commit $1 million in fy 2020 to fund 4 to 6 awards. award budget an applicant may request direct costs of up to $150,000 per year. because the nature and scope of the proposed research training will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of nia provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this foa are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. trainees selected for short-term training are required to pursue research training for 2-3 months on a full-time basis.
RFA-AA-14-002,ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niaaa intends to fund one award, up to $1.5 million in total costs, for fiscal year 2015. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget the application may not exceed $1.5 million in total costs per year. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DA-12-009,ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nida intends to commit $3,000,000 in fy 2012. award budget direct costs are limited to no more than $650,000 per year. award project period the total project period for an application submitted in response to this funding opportunity may not exceed five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AI-12-023,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niaid intends to commit $4.0 million in fy 2013 to fund 6-8 awards. . award budget application budgets are limited to $350,000 direct costs per year and must reflect actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AG-20-017,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nia intends to commit $2 million in fy 2020 to fund 4-6 awards for this foa and its companion. award budget direct costs are limited to $275,000 over the entire r21 phase, and no more than $200,000 may be requested in any year of the r21 phase. direct costs must be no more than $499,999 per year during the r33 phase. award project period the maximum total project period is 5 years. the r21 phase may be 1-2 years, and the r33 phase may be 3-4 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-DK-20-027,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials. need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards niddk intends to commit $14,660,000 in fy 2022 to support four related funding opportunities, rfa-dk-20-026 , rfa-dk-20-027 , rfa-dk-20-028 and rfa-dk-20-029 . we expect to award 1 kidney tissue atlas coordinating center under this funding opportunity announcement. award budget the direct costs for this u01 award are expected to be approximately $1,300,000 per year. application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-RM-18-010,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the nih common fund intends to commit approximately $4,000,000 to support approximately 10 awards in fy 2019, contingent upon availability of funds and receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations and satisfactory progress. award budget awards will be for up to $250,000 in direct costs per year, plus applicable facilities and administrative (f&a) costs. award project period the project period is limited to five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-HL-19-009,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. nhlbi intends to commit total costs of up to $3,200,00 in fy2019 to fund up to 5 awards. award budget application budgets must not exceed $400,000 direct costs per year in fiscal years 2019 through 2025. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is up to 7 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-DK-19-505,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed renewal applications from rfa-dk-14-503. the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the niddk intends to commit $4 million in fy2020 to fund 1 award. award budget application budget requests are limited to $3,000,000 direct costs per year. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-NS-17-010,ii. in the event that the candidate is making good progress during phase i, makes appropriate efforts to obtain individual funding for the start of phase ii, but fails to do so by the start of the third year of the program, an ability to continue to devote 50% effort to research is critical to the scholars continued progress towards success. thus, it is anticipated that the chair of the scholars home department will continue to provide 50% protected time to the scholar during the entire phase ii period, when appropriate. because protected time for research is critical for a candidate s success, the nrcdp is strongly encouraged to request a description of the home departments commitment to the candidates research effort in the candidate s application to the program. the nrcdp is generally not intended to provide financial support during the third year of the scholar's program. however, limited financial help during the third year may be provided in exceptional cases, at the discretion of the pd/pi, in consultation with the nac. for the first two new applicants supported each year, support from this program may be used only for individuals who move to a new institution following their residency. if more than two applicants are supported in a given year, these additional candidates may be selected from neurosurgeons who remain in a faculty position at their residency institution. in addition, all neurosurgeons, regardless of institution or career stage, may be invited to participate in the nrcdp meeting, even when not funded as a k12 scholar by the nrcdp program. institutional environment and commitment to the program the chair of the scholar's home department plays a critical role in the success of the nrcdp. the program is designed to directly support relatively few scholars, with the goal that all of those supported will go on to successful, dual careers as clinical neurosurgeons and productive, well-funded researchers. in order to launch such a career, scholars need a period of outstanding training and mentoring as well as adequate protected time to successfully conduct high quality research and obtain independent funding. consequently, for a successful application to the nrcdp program, chairs must commit to allowing the scholar to spend a minimum of 50% of full time professional effort on research activities for the nrcdp support period. moreover, if an nrcdp scholar is making appropriate progress towards developing a research program, it is anticipated that chairs will continue to provide 50% protected time for research for the entire 5 year nrcdp period. in addition, chairs should make every effort to provide appropriate resources and support, in whatever form needed, to ensure success of the scholar. it should be anticipated that the nrcdp program will make at least one site visit to each scholar's home department to discuss with the scholar, mentor(s), chair and others involved in the scholar's activities, the scholar's progress, needs and any other relevant issues. special note : the pd/pi is strongly encouraged to work closely with the designated ninds staff to maximize the success of the program in achieving the goals of this foa. potential applicants should contact the ninds director of training, career development and workforce diversity with any questions about this program, program planning or application for this award.
RFA-MD-11-006,ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nimhd intends to commit approximately $15,000,000 in fy 2011 to fund up to three awards. award budget applicant institutions may only request $5,000,000 in direct costs. indirect costs will not be provided. nimhd research endowment grants are made to create a permanent endowment fund to support institutional resources and research capacity building. amounts which may be expended each year are to be determined pursuant to spending rules under the law of the state in which the institution is located, subject to the special limitation on expenditures during the first year following the notice of award letter, which is set forth below. to ensure maximum growth of the endowment fund, the following guidelines govern how an nimhd research endowment is to be implemented. the following terms and conditions will be incorporated into the notice of award (noa) letter and will be provided to the program director/principal investigator as well as to the appropriate institutional official, at the time of award. direct costs of this award are restricted: except to the extent permissible by the spending rules under the law of the state in which the institution is located. the endowment corpus may not be expended for any reason. funds to be utilized will be the income and capital appreciation distributable under the institutions spending rule as a result of the investment of the endowment corpus as proposed in the grantees 5-year strategic plan that is part of the application and that establishes priorities for the use of the endowment fund. income and capital appreciation earned must be reported as program income in accordance with the nih grants policy statement guidelines. funds must be invested, according to the investment policy statement and the 5-year strategic plan included in the grantee s application, no later than 90 days after the start date of the endowment grant. any income and capital appreciation realized in the initial year of the award is not to be expended to support programmatic activities until it has accrued for one full year from the budget period start date listed on the initial notice of award (noa). for each year of funding during its project period, programmatic activities may be supported, in general, by part of the income and capital appreciation earned on the previous year s investment as determined under the institutional spending rule. for instance, if an institution receives an award of $5 million per year, for five consecutive years, no programmatic activities could receive support from the endowment income and capital appreciation until year 2. year 2 programs could be supported by distributions of the income and capital appreciation earned on the initially invested $5 million under the institutions spending rule. year 3 activities would be supported by income and capital appreciation accrued on the endowment corpus. programmatic activities in subsequent years could be similarly supported by income and capital appreciation earned on the endowment corpus. in the case of situations in which investment conditions result in the endowment corpus having a net market value less than the value of the funds at the time of their receipt, action should be taken in order to preserve the endowment corpus. prior written approval is required from nimhd for any deviations from the 5-year strategic plan submitted in the competing application. for renewal awards, the endowment amount for the new project period is added to the previous accumulated endowment corpus and only a single continuation progress report that encompasses all activities is submitted. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the length of the project period. the maximum period is five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AI-20-020,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards niaid intends to commit $10 million in fy 2020 to fund 2-3 awards. award budget applicants may propose a recommended budget of up to $1.8 million per year in direct costs. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-ES-16-001,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new renewal resubmission revision the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niehs intends to fund an estimate of 3-4 awards, corresponding to a total of $6.0m, for fiscal year 2017. award budget application budgets are limited to $0.7m, $1.0m or $1.3m direct costs per year as determined by direct costs of nih awards in which an ehs cc member is designated as the pd/pi. see the budget instructions for the administrative core to determine the applicable direct cost limit for the application. award project period the project period is limited to 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-ES-18-004,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new resubmissions the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards niehs intends to commit $5m in fy 2019 to fund 4-5 awards. award budget allowable application budgets are related to the current niehs support which will be consolidated into the r35 award. applicants may request up to $600,000 in direct costs per year. if an individual has niehs funding beyond the $600,000 dc level which will be consolidated given the guidelines above, they may add the additional funds plus 10% to a total of $750,000 direct costs per year. award project period the maximum project period is 8 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-DK-19-004,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new renewal resubmission the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards niddk intends to commit $5.9 million in fy 2021 to fund 5 awards and $4.5 million in fy 2022 to fund 4 awards. award budget application budgets are limited to $750,000 in direct costs per year and need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed center. award project period the project period for an application submitted to this funding opportunity may not exceed five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-DA-06-005,section ii. award information 1. mechanism(s) of support within this funding opportunity the nida and the nia will use the nih research project (r01), the small grant (r03), and the exploratory/development (r21) award mechanisms and the nidcr will use the oral health research curriculum grant (r25) mechanism. the standard time and award limits of these mechanisms will apply, except that the r01 award limit will be $500,000 direct costs per any given year. specific details and provisions for the r03 and r21 mechanisms can be found at the following urls: r03: http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/r03.htm r21: http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/r21.htm foreign applications will be accepted for r01, r03 and r21 awards, provided that they meet standard regulations for these mechanisms. in addition to the above, the national institute of dental and craniofacial research (nidcr) has an interest in promoting the development of educational programs and curricula that focus on the use of opioids in the treatment of chronic orofacial pain. to support such programs, the nidcr portion of the rfa uses the nih education research program grant (r25) award mechanism. alternatively, nidcr will consider providing co-funding support to research applications that also include partnerships with a dental training institution to develop educational programs for dental students in the use of opioids in treating orofacial pain. for further information regarding the nidcr oral health research curriculum grants (r25), including the review criteria and faqs, please visit the following site on the nidcr home page: http://www.nidcr.nih.gov/funding/dentalschools/default.htm or contact john kusiak at kusiakj@mail.nih.gov . as an applicant, you will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this funding opportunity uses just-in-time concepts. it also uses the modular budget format described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ). 2. funds available the nida intends to commit approximately $5,000,000 in fy 2006 to fund new r01, r03 or r21 grants in response to this rfa. the nia intends to commit approximately $500,000 in fy 2006 to fund new r01, r03 or r21 grants in response to this rfa. the nidcr intends to commit approximately $200,000 in fy2007 to fund new r25 grants in response to this rfa. ninds, ninr, nci, niaaa, and other ics may provide additional funding for projects relevant to their research programs. it is anticipated that 12-18 awards will be made, contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. competitive continuations of existing projects are not eligible under this rfa. an applicant may request for the ro1 a project period of up to 5 years and a budget for direct costs up to $500,000 per year. for the r21, the project period is up to 2 years and direct costs may not exceed $275,000 for the entire project period. for the ro3, the project period is up to 2 years and direct costs of up to $50,000 for each of those years. for the r25, the project period is up to 3 years and direct costs of up to $100,000 for each of those years. specific details (e.g., page ,imitations) for the r03 and r21 mechanisms can be found at the following urls: r03: http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/r03.htm r21: http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/r21.htm because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation, see not-od-05-004 .
RFA-MD-12-005,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the phs398 application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations, and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. nih intends to fund one award, corresponding to a total of $3.5 million for fiscal year 2012. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget the budget cannot exceed $3.5 million in total costs per year. award project period applicants may request up to 5 years of support. the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-ES-19-001,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards niehs intends to commit $2,000,000 in fy 2020 to fund 5 awards. award budget application budgets are limited to $250,000 per year in direct costs. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-RM-08-010,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity announcement (foa) will use the nih research project grant ( r01) award mechanism. the applicant will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ). specifically, if you are a u.s. organization and are submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs), use the phs398 modular budget component provided in the sf424 (r&r) application package and sf424 (r&r) application guide (see specifically section 5.4, modular budget component, of the application guide). u.s. applicants requesting more than $250,000 in annual direct costs and all foreign applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component found in the application package for this foa. see not-od-06-096 , august 23, 2006. 2. funds available because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the institutes and centers (ics) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. the nih intends to commit approximately $2 million dollars in fiscal year 20 08 for this and the parallel foa for r21 applications, and to fund 2-4 r01 applications and 2-6 r21 applications. applicants for r01 grants may request a project period of up to 3 years. it is anticipated that budgets will be negotiated to optimize the number of awards that can be made. ni h grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. f &a costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 , november 2, 2004. section
RFA-HL-10-012,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity announcement (foa) will use the nih mentored research scientist development award (k01) mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) (also referred to as the candidate) and his/her mentor will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts (see sf424 (r&r) application guide ). it also uses non-modular budget format. the candidate should follow the instructions for budget information described in section iv. 6.f as well as in phs 398 career development award supplemental form section 7.4.6 of the r&r 424 instructions, and budget justification information the k01 program must be tailored to meet the individual needs of the candidate. candidates may request 3 to 5 years of support. the actual duration of the award will depend upon the number of years of prior research experience, the demonstrated need for additional mentored experience to achieve research independence, and the policy of the awarding institute or center (ic). awards are not renewable and are not transferable from one pd/pi to another. 2. funds available the estimated amount of funds available for support of eight to ten new projects awarded as a result of this announcement is $1.2 million. the actual amount may vary, depending on the response to the foa and availability of funds. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. the total project period for an application submitted in response to this foa must be at least three but not more than five years. loan repayment program (lrp): awardees under this program may be eligible to apply for the nih extramural loan repayment program. information regarding the eligibility requirements and benefits for the program may be obtained through the lrp website at http://www.lrp.nih.gov/ . because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. 2.a. allowable costs salary: individual compensation is based on the institution's salary scale for individuals at an equivalent experience level. the maximum salary for recipients of nhlbi k01 career awards is $75,000 per year plus commensurate fringe benefits for 9-12 person months (equivalent to 75 to 100%) full-time professional effort. the nhlbi research career development award programs require the recipients to devote a minimum of 9 person months (equivalent to 75%) full-time professional effort to the research plan being supported by the career development award; the remaining 25% effort should be devoted to research and research-related activities such as teaching, patient care, or other research-related activities. if 100% effort is to be devoted to the research program during the "summer months," the percent effort for the remainder of the year may be reduced provided that the effort over the course of the year is at least 75%. nih permits supplementation of salary from non-federal sources. the salary must be consistent both with the established salary structure at the institution and with salaries actually provided by the institution from its own funds to other staff members of equivalent qualifications, rank, and responsibilities in the department concerned. if full-time, 12-month salaries are not currently paid to comparable staff members, the salary proposed must be appropriately related to the existing salary structure. confirmation of salary may be required prior to the issuance of an award. fringe benefits, based on the sponsoring institutions rate and the percent of effort, are provided in addition to the salary. the sponsoring institution may supplement the nih salary contribution up to a level that is consistent with the institution's salary scale. however, supplementation may not be from federal funds unless specifically authorized by the federal program from which such funds are derived. in no case may phs funds be used for salary supplementation. institutional supplementation of salary must not require extra duties or responsibilities that would interfere with the purpose of the k01 award. under expanded authorities, however, institutions may re-budget funds within the total costs awarded to cover salaries consistent with the institution's salary scale. the total salary, however, may not exceed the legislatively mandated salary cap. see: http://grants.nih.gov/grants/policy/salcap_summary.htm . k01 award recipients are encouraged to obtain funding from nih or other federal sources either as a named pd/pi on a competing research grant award or cooperative agreement or as sub-project director on a competing multi-project award (see not-od-08-065). at the time the research grant is awarded the effort required on the k01 award may be reduced to no less than 6 person-months (50% full-time professional effort) at the grantee organization and replaced by effort from the research award so that the total level of research commitment remains at 9 person-months (75% full-time professional effort) or more for the duration of the k01 award. to be eligible for salary support from peer-reviewed research awards from any federal agency: the k01 award recipient must be the pd/pi (or one of the named pd/pis, if following the multiple-pd/pi model) on a competing nih research grant application (r01, r03, r15, r21, r34, or equivalent application from another federal agency) or a sub-project director on a competing multi-component research or center grant or cooperative agreement application (p01, p50, u01, etc. or an equivalent application from another federal agency). the k01 award must be active when the competing research grant application is submitted. the k01 award must be in its final two years before the reduction in effort to 6 person-months (50% full-time professional effort) is permitted. research and development costs: a maximum of $30,000 per year may be requested for research project requirements and related support (e.g., technical personnel costs, supplies, equipment, candidate travel, publication costs, and tuition for necessary courses). ancillary personnel support: salary for mentors, secretarial and administrative assistance, etc., is not allowed. indirect costs: these costs also known as facilities and administrative (f&a) costs, will be reimbursed at eight percent (8%) of modified total direct costs. nih grants policy: nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-CA-07-036,section ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity announcement (foa) will use the nih exploratory/developmental phase ii research grant (r33) award mechanism. the applicant will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ). specifically, if you are a u.s. organization and are submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs), use the phs398 modular budget component provided in the sf424 (r&r) application package and sf424 (r&r) application guide (see specifically section 5.4, modular budget component, of the application guide). u.s. applicants requesting more than $250,000 in annual direct costs and all foreign applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component found in the application package for this foa. see not-od-06-096 , august 23, 2006. exploratory/developmental grant support is for new projects only; competing renewal (formerly competing continuation ) applications will not be accepted. up to two resubmissions (formerly revisions/amendments") of a previously reviewed exploratory/developmental grant application may be submitted. see not-od-03-041 , may 7, 2003. 2. funds available because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the institutes and centers (ics) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. an r33 applicant may request a project period of up to 3 years with a combined budget appropriate for the science proposed. the request should be tailored to the needs of the project. commensurate facilities and administrative (f&a) costs are allowed. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this funding opportunity. the nci intends to commit approximately 1,500,000 dollars in fy20 08 to fund approximately 4 - 5 applications. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AG-19-027,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. nia intends to commit $2.5 million in fy 2019 to fund 2-3 awards. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-AI-13-013,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the niaid intends to commit $20 million in total costs in fy 2014 to fund 10 to 15 applications in response to this foa. award budget budgets for direct costs of up to $750,000 per year may be requested. in addition, applicants may request up to a total of $300,000 for major equipment in the first year of the award to ensure that research aims can be met and biohazards can be contained. consortium f&a is not included in the direct cost limitation. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-GM-17-004,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nigms intends to commit $26 million in fy 2017 to fund up to 70 awards. award budget applications may request up to $250,000 direct costs per year. investigators are encouraged to request what is actually well justified for their research program. award project period awards will be made for a project period of five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-MD-12-004,section ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nimhd intends to commit an estimated $2.0 million in fy 2013. award budget although the size of award may vary with the scope of the project, the total direct costs are limited to $250,000 annually. award project period scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AG-11-003,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this foa will use the r01 award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts (see sf424 (r&r) application guide ) . it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ) . specifically, a u.s. organization submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs) must use the phs398 modular budget component. u.s. applicants requesting more than $250,000 in annual direct costs and all foreign applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component. 2. funds available the national institute on aging intends to commit $5,000,000 in total costs over the project period for use under this foa. in addition, the national center for complementary and alternative medicine intends to commit $1,000,000 in total costs over the project period to support projects that are relevant to nccams mission under this foa. we anticipate that 3-6 awards will be made for fiscal year 2011, pending the number and quality of applications and availability of funds. for this funding opportunity, budgets up to $ 350,000 directed costs per year and time periods up to five years may be requested. the direct cost amount for individual awards is expected to range from $150,000 to $350,000, for projects up to five years in duration. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DK-18-005,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards niddk intends to commit $3,250,000 in fy 2019 to fund 4-5 awards. the number of awards is contingent upon availability of funds and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. award budget application budgets are limited to $600,000 direct costs per year. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 4 years. budgets are expected to reflect the actual needs of the project. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-RM-16-017,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the nih common fund and nhgri intend to commit up to a total of $400,000 per year for up to 5 years for one award. funding is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. award budget application need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project and are limited to $400,000 total costs/year. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-EY-18-001,ii.3, and ii.4 from the brain 2025 report. these three recommendations call for accelerated development of new large-scale recording technologies and tools for neural circuit manipulation. these new technologies and approaches will provide unprecedented opportunities for exploring how the nervous system encodes, processes, utilizes, stores, and retrieves vast quantities of information. a better understanding of this dynamic neural activity will enable researchers to seek new ways to diagnose, treat, and prevent brain disorders. achieving these goals requires the ability to record simultaneously from thousands or tens-of- thousands of neurons contributing to the dynamic activity in a neural circuit. the relevant activity may be in clusters of cells packed closely together or may be in widely distributed circuits. current microelectrode and imaging technologies are limited in the number of cells from which activity can be isolated and sampled simultaneously, by the size or location of the area to be sampled, by the depth of penetration, and by the invasiveness of the technique that might prohibit their use in human experimentation. non-invasive technologies suitable for use in humans are currently limited in spatial resolution and temporal dynamics, as well as in their reflection of on-going electrical activity in circuit elements. this foa seeks entirely new ideas, concepts and/or approaches from physics and engineering, and biology, for how these limitations might be overcome to enable increased recording capabilities on the scale of one or more orders of magnitude beyond that of current technology. this foa also seeks novel ideas for technology capable of manipulating activity in circuits that overcome the limitations of current invasive and non-invasive approaches. dissecting the function of neural circuits requires the ability to manipulate neural activity in order to investigate underlying mechanisms and demonstrate causality. current technologies such as microstimulation and optogenetic approaches are limited in specificity, temporal dynamics, and by the invasiveness of the technique. applications are expected to propose the development of ideas in the earliest stages for entirely new approaches for large-scale neural recording and/or manipulation of neural activity. such ideas could encompass unique and innovative combinations of existing technology that create a synergistic result. an important goal is to stimulate new thinking and concepts for accelerating development of novel technologies that break current barriers to neural recording and/or manipulation. in addition to experimental approaches, this foa may support early-stage testing using calculations, simulations, computational models, or other mathematical techniques for demonstrating that the signal sources and/or measurement technologies are theoretically capable of meeting the demands of large-scale recording or manipulation of circuit activity in humans or animal models. the support might also be used for building and testing phantoms, prototypes, in-vitro or other bench-top models in order to validate underlying theoretical assumptions in preparation for future foas aimed at proof-of concept testing in animal models. applications are expected to propose research that will explore ideas in their earliest stages of development in order to be responsive to goals and objectives of this foa. the following topics are non-responsive applications i: i) further development of existing technology; ii)
RFA-RM-12-018,section ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the nih common fund intends to commit approximately $4,000,000 in fy 2013. approximately 10 awards are anticipated, contingent upon availability of funds and receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. award budget awards will be for up to $250,000 in direct costs per year, plus applicable facilities and administrative (f&a) costs. award project period five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DK-20-011,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? required: only accepting applications that propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards niddk intends to commit $2 million in fy 2021 to fund up to 4 awards. award budget application budgets are limited to $500,000 direct costs in the first year and should reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-HD-21-009,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new resubmission the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nichd intends to commit $6,500,000 in fy2021 to fund up to 5 awards. award budget application budgets are limited to $800,000 direct costs per year. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-CA-08-026,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity uses the nih u01 cooperative agreement award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses non-modular budget formats described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). in the cooperative agreement mechanism, the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) retains the primary responsibility and dominant role for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project, with nih staff being substantially involved as a partner with the principal investigator, as described under the section vi. 2. administrative requirements , "cooperative agreement terms and conditions of award." 2. funds available the estimated amount of funds available for the pbtc program is $ 2.2 million for fiscal year 20 09 (with the nci providing 2 million and ninds 0.2 million) and up to $11.8 million over the planned 5 year project period (with the total nci and ninds contributions of approximately 10.8 and 1.0 million, respectively). future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. these funds will be used to fund one pbtc award as a result of this foa. in addition, contingent on the availability of funds, the nci may release during the pbtc project period an rfa for competitive supplements to expand the scope of the pbtc award by innovative clinical trials proposed by non-pbtc institutions. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the nih ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications . facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation; see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. section
RFA-MH-13-030,ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nimh intends to commit approximately $2 million in fy 2013 to fund 3-5 awards in response to this foa and the companion r21 foa. ninds intends to commit approximately $1.5 million in fy 2013 to fund 3-4 awards in response to this foa and the companion r21 foa. niaid intends to commit approximately $250,000 in fy 2013 to contribute funding towards awards made in response to this foa. award budget application budgets are not limited, but need to reflect actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the total project period for an application submitted in response to this foa may not exceed five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HL-14-030,ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nhlbi intends to commit $429,000 (total costs) in fy14 in order to fund one dcc. nhlbi intends to commit an estimated $16,590,000 (total costs) over a 5-year period. award budget data coordinating center application budgets are limited to $275,000 (direct costs) in the first year and a maximum of $1,300,000 (direct costs) for each of the subsequent years (years 2-5). budgets should reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period should not exceed five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-RM-12-026,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the total amount of funds available for these awards is approximately $3.8 million per year for fy2013-fy2017, contingent upon the receipt of scientifically meritorious applications. 6-9 awards are anticipated from this solicitation. future year awards will depend on annual appropriations. award budget application budgets may not exceed $325,000 in direct costs and must reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the project period may not exceed five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-ES-20-016,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed phase iib competing renewal (phase iib) the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for the foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards niehs intends to commit $3m in fy 2021 to fund 3 awards. award budget budgets up to $1m total costs per year for the phase iib may be requested. phase iib budgets must be submitted in accordance with participating ic-specific budget limitations described in the current sbir/sttr program descriptions and research topics of the nih, cdc and fda. award project period durations up to 3 years for phase iib may be requested. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-MH-17-210,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new revision resubmission the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards issuing ic and partner components intend to commit an estimated total of $5m per year to fund 3-5 specialized collaboratories. award budget application budgets are not limited but must reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AI-09-011,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this foa will use the nih exploratory/developmental research grant (r21) award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see the modular applications and awards section of the nih grants policy statement . specifically, if you are submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs), use the phs 398 modular budget component provided in the sf424 (r&r) application package and sf424 (r&r) application guide (see specifically section 5.4, modular budget component, of the application guide. all foreign applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component found in the application package for this foa. see not-od-06-096 , august 23, 2006. the r21 is not renewable and competing renewal (formerly competing continuation ) applications will not be accepted. 2. funds available because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds. the total project period for an application submitted in response to this funding opportunity may not exceed 2 years. although the size of award may vary with the scope of research proposed, it is expected that applications will stay within the budgetary guidelines for an exploratory/developmental project. direct costs are limited to $275,000 over a two-year period, with no more than $200,000 in direct costs allowed in any single year. applicants may request direct costs in $25,000 modules, up to the total direct costs limitation of $275,000 for the combined two-year award period. it is anticipated that $3 million per year will be available from niaid, the food allergy initiative and the food allergy and anaphylaxis network, for this foa and that 10-12 new awards will be made. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AI-16-002,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new renewal of awards under rfa-ai-11-001 only the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niaid intends to commit $3.5 million in fy 2017 to fund 6-8 tmrc awards. award budget the budget for each tmrc cannot exceed $500,000 in direct costs per year excluding consortia f&a costs. a maximum of 15% of the requested annual direct cost budget may be used to fund institutions in, and consultants from, economically developed countries (see http://siteresources.worldbank.org/datastatistics/resources/class.xls ). award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-MH-14-110,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed renewal the oer glossary and the phs 398 application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nimh intends to commit $2,000,000 in fy 2014 to fund one award. award budget application budgets are limited to $2,000,000 per year in total costs for up to five years, and need to reflect actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the total project period may not exceed five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-MH-20-525,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nimh intends to commit $3,000,000 in fy 2020, 2021, and 2022 to fund 7-10 awards. award budget an applicant may request a budget for direct costs up to $500,000 per year. award project period the total project period for an application submitted in response to this foa may not exceed five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-AA-19-003,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. niaaa intends to fund one award, corresponding to a total of $2 million, for fiscal year 2020. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget the application may not exceed $1.2 million direct costs per year. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-AA-16-001,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed renewals the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niaaa intends to commit $7 million in fy 2016 for this foa and companion foas (rfa-aa-16-002 and rfa-aa-16-003). for this foa, niaaa expectss to fund up to 15 applications. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget the application may not exceed $500,000 in total direct costs per year. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-MH-07-090,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity announcement (foa) will use the nih research project grant (r01) award mechanism. the applicant will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see the modular applications and awards section of the nih grants policy statement .) specifically, if you are a u.s. organization, use the phs398 modular budget component provided in the sf424 (r&r) application package and sf424 (r&r) application guide (see specifically section 5.4, modular budget component, of the application guide). all foreign applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component found in the application package for this foa. see not-od-06-096, august 23, 2006. at this time, it is not known if competing renewal (formerly competing continuation ) applications will be accepted and/or if this foa will be reissued. 2. funds available because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the institutes and centers (ics) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. the total project period for an application submitted in response to this funding opportunity may not exceed 3 years. although the size of award may vary with the scope of research proposed, it is expected that applications will stay within the budgetary guidelines for this rfa. direct costs are limited to $450,000 over a three-year period, with no more than $225,000 in direct costs allowed in any single year. applicants may request direct costs in $25,000 modules, up to the total direct costs limitation of $450,000 for the combined three-year award period. the nimh intends to commit approximately 1.5 million dollars in fy2007 to fund approximately 3 applications. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 , november 2, 2004.
RFA-AG-09-013,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity will use the nih u01 cooperative agreement award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses non-modular budget formats described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). this funding opportunity will use a cooperative agreement award mechanism. in the cooperative agreement mechanism, the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) retains the primary responsibility and dominant role for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project, with nih staff being substantially involved as a partner with the principal investigator, as described under the section vi. 2. administrative requirements , "cooperative agreement terms and conditions of award". the nia expects to invite renewal applications for this program at the end of this funding period. 2. funds available direct costs of each application may not exceed $500,000 per year and applications may not request more than 5 years of funding. the estimated amount of funds available for support of 3 projects awarded as a result of this announcement is $ 2.5 million for fiscal year 20 09 . nia expects to commit $12.5 million across all five years of these awards. however, future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of nia provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation, see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. section
RFA-DK-12-017,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niddk intends to commit $1,870,000, to fund 4-5 awards in fiscal year 2013, including an expanded dcc and 3-4 research sites. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget application budgets are not limited, but need to reflect actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the maximum proposed project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-GM-11-003,section ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this foa will use the nih research project grant (r01 ) award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts (see sf424 (r&r) application guide ) . it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ) . specifically, a u.s. organization must use the phs398 modular budget component. foreign applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component. 2. funds available nigms ($6 million, 18-22 awards), nci ($3 million, 10-12 awards), nccam ($400,000, 1 award), niaaa ($600,000, 2 awards), nidcr ($800,000, 1-2 awards), nida ($1 million, 3-4 awards), nimh ($2 million, 6-9 awards), and ninds ($2 million, 6 awards) are participating in this initiative. support may be requested for up to $800,000 in direct costs (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs) over a four year period, prorated for shorter terms ($600,000 for three years, $400,000 for two years). regardless of the term of support, direct costs (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs) may not exceed $250,000 in any one year. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HL-16-009,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed phase iib competing renewal (phase iib) resubmission (phase iib previously submitted under this foa or rfa-hl-13-016 , or rfa-hl-14-012 ) the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) sbir/sttr application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. nhlbi intends to commit total costs of $7,000,000 in fy2016; $14,000,000 in fy2017; $21,000,000 in fy2018; $14,000,000 in fy2019; and $7,000,000 in fy2020 to fund up to 7 new awards in 2016, 2017, and 2018. award budget budgets up to $3,000,000 total costs (direct, indirect, and fee) for the length of the project period may be requested. in all cases, applicants should propose a budget that is reasonable and appropriate for completion of the research project. award project period durations up to 3 years may be requested. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HL-08-012,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this foa will use the r03 award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts (see sf424 (r&r) application guide ) . it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ) . specifically, a u.s. organization submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs) must use the phs398 modular budget component. u.s. applicants requesting more than $250,000 in annual direct costs and all foreign applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component. 2. funds available nhlbi expects to award approximately $500,000 dollars through this foa to fund 15-20 awards. direct costs are limited to a maximum of $25,000, and the project period will not exceed 6 months. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the nhlbi provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-RR-08-001,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this foa will use the nih exploratory/developmental research grant (r21) award mechanism. the applicant will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses the modular budget formats (see the modular applications and awards section of the nih grants policy statement . specifically, if you are submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs), use the phs398 modular budget component provided in the sf424 (r&r) application package and sf424 (r&r) application guide (see specifically section 5.4, modular budget component, of the application guide). exploratory/developmental grant support is for new projects only; competing renewal (formerly competing continuation ) applications will not be accepted. up to two resubmissions (formerly revisions/amendments") of a previously reviewed exploratory/developmental grant application may be submitted. see not-od-03-041 , may 7, 2003. 2. funds available because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the institutes and centers (ics) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. the total project period for an application submitted in response to this funding opportunity may not exceed three years. direct costs are limited to $125,000 per year. n crr intends to commit approximately $1 million dollars in fy20 09 to fund five to eight applications. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. f acilities and administrative (f &a ) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 , november 2, 2004. section
RFA-AI-15-022,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niaid intends to commit $10 million in fy 2016 to fund 2-4 awards. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HL-17-019,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nhlbi intends to commit total costs of up to $1,745,200 in fy 2017, $2,745,200 in fy 2018, $4,745,200 in fy 2019 through 2022, and $5,745,200 in fy 2023. nci intends to commit total costs of up to $2,850,000 per year in fy 2017 through fy 2023. this foa will fund one award. award budget application budgets may not exceed direct costs of up to $3,830,000 in fy17, $4,650,000 in fy18, $6,315,000 in fy19, $5,965,000 in fy20 through fy22, and $6,965,000 in fy23. award project period the maximum project period is seven years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DA-06-008,section ii. award information 1. mechanism(s) of support this funding opportunity will use the ruth l. kirschstein national research service (t32) award mechanism. as an applicant, you will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this funding opportunity uses the non-modular budget format described in the phs 398application instructions (see https://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). a detailed categorical budget for the initial budget period and the entire proposed period of support is to be submitted with the application. 2. funds available the nih blueprint for neuroscience research anticipates awarding up to $900,000 through this announcement it is anticipated that 2-3 awards will be made. the total costs of an individual award are not expected to exceed $300,000 in years 1 and 2, although they may increase during years 3, 4, and 5 as the program develops. awards are anticipated to begin in september 2006 for a project period of up to five years. because the nature and scope of the proposed training programs will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the blueprint ics are to provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. continuation of this pilot program beyond the initial five year period will be contingent upon the availability of funds and the neuroscience blueprint priorities. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation, see https://grants.nih.gov/grants/guide/notice-files/not-od-05-004.html . allowable costs grantees are expected to be familiar with and comply with applicable cost policies and the nrsa guidelines ( https://grants.nih.gov/archive/grants/policy/nihgps_2003/index.htm ). funds may be used only for those expenses that are directly related and necessary to the research training not otherwise available and must be expended in conformance with dhhs cost principles, the nih grants policy statement (rev. 12/01/2003), the nrsa regulations, policies, and guidelines, and conditions set forth in this document. a. stipends the nih will provide a stipend for each trainee position according to nih guidelines and current stipend levels. the stipend is provided as a subsistence allowance for trainees to help defray living expenses during the research training experience. the stipend is not a payment for services performed. stipends must be paid to all trainees at the level approved by the secretary of the dhhs. stipend levels are adjusted periodically, and current stipend levels are available on the nih website at: https://grants.nih.gov/training/nrsa.htm . the total stipend must be based on a 12-month appointment. the institution may supplement, from non-federal sources only, the nih stipend up to a level that is consistent with the institutions scale. the total stipend must be consistent with the level of effort, with the established stipend structure at the institution, and with stipends actually provided by the institution, from its own funds, to other staff members with equivalent qualifications, rank, and responsibilities in the same department. stipends for short-term research trainees will be based on a monthly proportion of the annual nih stipend level at the time of award. the fy 05 annual stipend level for a predoctoral trainee is $20,772, therefore the monthly stipend is $1,731 per month. for postdoctoral trainees, the annual stipend is determined based on the number of years of prior relevant postdoctoral experience at the time of the trainees appointment. b. tuition, fees and health insurance applicant organizations can request funds for tuition. for the purposes of the nrsa programs, tuition is defined as the combined costs of tuition, fees and applicable health insurance. current nih policies provide support to help offset the combined costs at the following rate: 100% of all costs up to $3,000 and 60% of costs above $3,000. such costs will be provided according to existing nih policies on ruth l. kirschstein research training opportunities at the time of award. c. trainee travel applicants may also request funds for certain types of training-related travel for trainees (e.g., to attend professional meetings and other meetings directly related to their training). annual levels are anticipated to be up to $750 per trainee. note that travel to a research training site is not allowed unless there is an individual case of extreme hardship per nrsa policy on page 7 of the nrsa section in the nih gps). travel expenses allowed while the short-term trainees are in the program are covered by the pro-rated stipend and the portion of the training related expenses mentioned in d. below. research training experiences away from the parent institution must be justified considering the type of opportunities for training available, the manner in which these opportunities differ from and complement those offered at the parent institution, and the relationship of the proposed experience to the trainees career stage and goals. this type of research training requires prior approval from the nih. letters requesting such training may be submitted to the nih awarding component at any time during the award period. (see also section vi. 2. administrative and national policy requirements). d. training-related expenses the applicant organization may also request funds for other training-related expenses (tre) such as personnel directing the program, consultants, project-specific supplies, travel, reproduction and printing costs, rental equipment, minor equipment items, and other items that are directly related to the recruitment, selection, placement, monitoring and retention of the trainees. funds for such other training-related expenses are intended to provide the applicant with only partial support for the costs of the proposed research training and for meeting the costs of the trainees research projects. under nrsa awards, up to $2,200 per predoctoral level trainee and $3,850 per postdoctoral trainee is currently provided on an annual basis for the other training-related expenses that are deemed essential to carry out the training program for the nrsa awardees appointed under the grant. under exceptional circumstances, which can include providing accommodations for a trainee with disabilities, or an exceptional research training experience at an off-site location, it is possible to request institutional costs above the standard rate. requests for additional trainee costs must be explained in detail and carefully justified in the application. consultation with nih program staff in advance of such requests is strongly advised. the type and amount of fiscal or in-kind costs to be contributed by the grantee organization should be identified and discussed in detail. short-term health professional research trainees. the applicant institution may request the proportion of the nih standard annual nrsa training related expenses to help defray other costs of the short-term training experience, such as research supplies, tuition, fees, and certain types of travel and other expenses. the fy 05 amounts for tre are $2,200 annually ($183/month) for each predoctoral trainee and $3,850 annually ($322/month) for each postdoctoral trainee. e. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs a facilities and administrative allowance based on 8% of total allowable direct costs (this excludes amounts for tuition, fees, health insurance, and equipment) may be requested. f. stipend supplementation, compensation, and other income the grantee institution is allowed to provide funds to an individual in addition to the stipends paid by the nih. such additional amounts either may be in the form of augmented stipends (supplementation) or in the form of compensation, such as salary or tuition remission for services such as teaching or serving as a laboratory assistant, provided the conditions described below are met. under no circumstances may the conditions of stipend supplementation or the services provided for compensation interfere with, detract from, or prolong the trainees approved research training program. stipend supplementation. the grantee institution may provide stipend supplementation or additional support to offset the cost of living. supplementation does not require additional effort from the trainee. dhhs funds may not be used for supplementation under any circumstances. additionally, no funds from other federal agencies may be used for supplementation unless specifically authorized by the nih and the other federal agency. compensation. an institution may provide additional funds to a trainee in the form of compensation (as salary and/or tuition remission) for services such as teaching or serving as a research assistant. a trainee may receive compensation for services as a research assistant or in some other position on a federal research grant, including a dhhs research grant. however, compensated services should occur on a limited, part-time basis apart from the normal research training activities, which require a minimum of 40 hours per week. in addition, compensation may not be paid from a research grant that supports the same research that is part of the trainees planned training experience as approved in the institutional training grant application. educational loans and g.i. bill. an individual may make use of federal educational loan funds and assistance under the veterans readjustment benefits act (g.i. bill). such funds are not considered supplementation or compensation.
RFA-DK-16-036,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niddk intends to commit $3,200,000 in fy 2017 to fund one award. award budget the direct costs are limited to $3,122,000 per year. award project period the maximum project period is four years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AG-15-001,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. the nia intends to commit $5 million in fy 2015 to fund 2-3 awards. award budget new applications may request a budget of up to $1 million in direct costs per year. renewal applications may request direct costs for all cores (both required and optional), and the other listed functions, i.e., satellites, and pilot grants at a level not exceeding the combined direct costs of all funded activities awarded during the final year of the present funding period plus a 3% increase, or $1 million per year, whichever is larger. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DE-18-005,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nidcr intends to commit $2 million in fy 2018 to fund 4-5 awards. award budget application budgets are limited to $250,000 direct costs in any single year. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-NR-17-001,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed renewal of rfa-nr-13-004 the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards ninr intends to commit $1,500,000 in fy 2018 to fund one (1) award. award budget application budgets are limited to $1m in direct costs per year excluding consortia f&a award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum period for is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HL-19-023,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new renewal resubmission revision the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials note: appointed trainees are permitted to obtain research experience in a clinical trial led by a mentor or co-mentor. need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nhlbi intends to commit $7,484,000 in fy2019 through fy2025 to fund up to 2 new awards per fiscal year in fy2019, fy2020, and fy2021. award budget application budgets should not exceed $231,000 per year in direct costs. however, applications should reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. grantees are expected to be familiar with and comply with applicable cost policies and the nrsa guidelines ( nih grants policy statement - institutional research training grants ). funds may be used only for those expenses that are directly related to and necessary for the research training and must be expended in conformance with omb cost principles, the nih grants policy statement , and the nrsa regulations, policies, guidelines, and conditions set forth in this document. award project period applications may request a maximum project period of five years. other award budget information stipends, tuition, and fees kirschstein-nrsa awards provide stipends as a subsistence allowance to help defray living expenses during the research training experience. nih will contribute to the combined cost of tuition and fees at the rate in place at the time of award. stipend levels, as well as funding amounts for tuition and fees and the institutional allowance are announced annually in the nih guide for grants and contracts, and are also posted on the ruth l. kirschstein national research service award (nrsa) webpage . trainee travel trainee travel to attend scientific meetings and workshops that the institution determines to be necessary for the individual's research training experience is an allowable trainee expense for predoctoral and postdoctoral trainees. trainee travel to attend scientific meetings may be requested up to $1,400 per trainee per year. if the institution determines that specialized off-site training is necessary for the individual's training experience, additional funding may be requested with strong justification. for short-term trainees, the nih awarding component may provide grant funds to cover the costs of trainee travel, including attendance at scientific meetings, which the organization determines is necessary to the individual's training. trainees must be appointed to the training grant at the time of the actual travel for this to be an allowable cost. training related expenses nih will provide funds to help defray other research training expenses, such as health insurance, staff salaries, consultant costs, equipment, research supplies, and faculty/staff travel directly related to the research training program. the most recent levels of training related expenses are announced annually in the nih guide for grants and contracts, and are also posted on the ruth l. kirschstein national research service award (nrsa) webpage . indirect costs indirect costs (also known as facilities & administrative [f&a] costs) are reimbursed at 8% of modified total direct costs (exclusive of tuition and fees, consortium costs in excess of $25,000, and expenditures for equipment), rather than on the basis of a negotiated rate agreement. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-OD-11-002,ii. special emphasis areas the nih is especially interested in fostering womens health and sex differences research in the high priority areas outlined in the strategic plan, including: advancing the understanding of sex differences research in health and disease, especially from the molecular level to clinical applications, emerging scientific fields and technologies that can provide unique opportunities to maximize womens health and sex differences research, and fostering strategic partnerships and alliances to improve the translation and dissemination of health information, and public health outreach, in order to improve womens health and that of their families and communities.
RFA-HL-17-008,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. nhlbi intends to commit total costs of $2,880,000 per year in fy 2017, fy2018, fy2019, fy2020, and fy2021 to fund up to six awards. award budget application budgets need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. application budgets are limited to $300,000 in direct costs per year, excluding f&a costs associated with consortia. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-MH-19-235,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nimh intends to commit $2 million direct costs in fy 2019 to fund 5-7 awards. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 4 years maximum. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-HD-17-023,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nichd intends to fund one award, corresponding to a total of $1.5 million, for fiscal year 2017. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget applicants may request direct cost budgets of up to $1.40m per year. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum period is 5 years. other award budget information personnel costs individuals designing, directing, and implementing the career development program may request salary and fringe benefits appropriate for the person months devoted to the program. salaries requested may not exceed the levels commensurate with the institution's policy for similar positions and may not exceed the congressionally mandated cap. if mentoring interactions and other activities with scholars are considered a regular part of an individual's academic duties, then mentoring and other interactions with scholars are non-reimbursable from grant funds. limited program-related administrative and clerical salary costs associated distinctly with the program that are not normally provided by the applicant organization may be direct charges to the grant only when they are in accordance with applicable cost principles. for institutions covered by 45 cfr 75.413(c) , this type of training program may qualify as a major project where administrative salaries are allowable as a direct cost. when specifically identified and justified, these expenses must be itemized in sections a and b, as appropriate, of the r&r budget. allowable costs: up to $25,000 may be requested for all faculty who are involved in designing, directing, and administering the k12 program. this may include the pd(s)/pi(s), training director, and/or recruiting officer, as appropriate to the proposed program. the cost limit applies to all faculty salaries combined. up to $100,000 per year may be requested for administrative, clerical, or other staff with responsibilities directly associated with the institutional career development program. the cost limit applies to all staff salaries combined. items that may not be supported with k12 funds include: salaries and fringe benefits for the program mentors; salary and support for central institutional administrative personnel (e.g., budget officers, grant assistants, and building maintenance personnel), which are usually paid from institutional overhead charges; salary and support for administrative activities such as institutional public relations or health and educational services. participant costs scholars are those individuals who directly benefit from the proposed activities and experiences involved in the career development program. requested salary and fringe benefit amounts must be in accordance with institutional policies applied consistently to individuals in like circumstances and must be supported by acceptable accounting principles. if full-time, 12-month salaries are not currently paid to comparable staff members, the salary proposed must be appropriately related to the existing salary structure. salary amounts requested on career development awards must be based on the investigator's institutional base salary (ibs) prorated for their commitment on the project. while requested salary and fringe benefit information is provided in the initial application, confirmation of these costs may be required prior to the issuance of an award. the psdp program will provide support for scholars for periods of up to three years consisting of consecutive 12-month appointments. the number of psdp scholars supported by funds from the nichd shall be no more than 10. nichd will provide total support for each scholar position of up to $125,000 in direct costs per year. this amount includes salary, fringe benefits, and research and career development expenses as itemized below. salary and fringe benefits: scholars may receive up to $100,000 per year for salary and fringe benefits, consistent with the institution's salary scale. scholars must devote a minimum of 9 person-months (equivalent to 75 percent) of full-time professional effort toward health-related research and career development activities, with the remaining effort being devoted to activities related to the development of a successful career as a physician-scientist. the institution may supplement the nih salary contribution up to a level that is consistent with the institution's salary scale from non-federal sources; however, supplementation may not be from federal funds unless specifically authorized by the federal program from which such funds are derived. institutional supplementation of salary must not require extra duties or responsibilities that would interfere with the purpose of the program. research and career development support: within each scholar's $125,000 direct cost award, up to $25,000 per year may be allocated for research and career development costs. allowable research expenses may include 1) research expenses such as supplies, equipment and technical personnel, including expenses generated in the laboratories of the established investigators who serve as mentors; 2) travel to attend the annual psdp scholar's meeting which may be held at an appropriate professional meeting or at a site chosen by the grantee; 3) travel to receive training or attend scientific meetings; 4) tuition, fees, or books; 5) technical support for data analysis and statistical or computer services. these research and development costs must be related to the scholar's research activities. they cannot be pooled and used for other programs unrelated or indirectly related to the research activities of individual scholars. items that may not be supported with each scholar's research and career development support category include: direct support of the laboratories, travel, and research projects of the investigators serving as mentors beyond those expenses directly attributable to the scholar's project. other program related expenses consultant costs, equipment, supplies, non-scholar travel for senior/key persons, meeting costs, and other program-related expenses may be included in the proposed budget. these other program-related expenses must be justified as specifically required by the proposed program and must not duplicate items generally available at the applicant institution. other program-related expenses are limited to $25,000 per year. this allowance may be used for the pd(s)/pi(s), other faculty, or advisory committee members to attend the annual scholars meeting or other organizational/administrative meetings associated with the k12 program. items that may not be supported with k12 funds include: travel of the pd(s)/pi(s), training director, or program mentors to scientific meetings other than the annual k12 scholar's meeting; patient care costs such as inpatient bed days or outpatient visits, except for clinical laboratory analyses essential for the scholars research; alterations and renovations. indirect costs indirect costs (also known as facilities & administrative [f&a] costs) are reimbursed at 8% of modified total direct costs (exclusive of tuition and fees, consortium costs in excess of $25,000, and expenditures for equipment), rather than on the basis of a negotiated rate agreement. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HD-12-206,ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nichd intends to commit approximately $2,500,000 in total costs in fy 2012 to fund approximately three to six new awards. nccam intends to commit approximately $400,000 in total costs in fy 2012. the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations, and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget application budgets are limited to a total cost amount of $499,999 in fy 2012 and must reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-MH-20-115,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nimh intends to commit $1 million in fy 2019 to fund 3-4 awards. award budget the combined budget for direct costs for the two-year project period may not exceed $275,000. no more than $200,000 may be requested in any single year. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 2 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-DK-17-011,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials. need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards niddk intends to commit $1,600,000 in fy 2018 to fund two awards. award budget awards will be for $500,000 direct costs per year, exclusive of subcontract f&a. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DK-14-019,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niddk intends to commit up to $2,600,000 in fy 2015 to fund 3-6 awards. award budget application budgets are limited to less than $500,000 direct costs per year, including any subcontract direct costs. the budget needs to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DA-08-001,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity announcement (foa) will use the r21/r33 phased innovation award mechanism. in addition, collaborations between separate institutions must be submitted as linked applications. the applicant will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses the non-modular budget format. applicants must complete and submit budget request using the sf424 research and related (r&r) budget component found in the application package. all foreign applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component found in the application package for this foa. see not-od-06-096 , august 23, 2006. all applications must be new applications. no competing renewal or competing supplement applications will be accepted. it is not known at this time whether this foa will be reissued. 2. funds available because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the institutes and centers (ics) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. nida intends to commit approximately $2 million dollars in fy20 0 8 to fund 6 - 8 applications. ninds intends to commit approximately $450,000 dollars in fy20 08 to fund 1-2 applications. nia intends to contribute funding or co-funding for at least one project, contingent on the receipt of at least one meritorious application relevant to aging issues such as those described above. nimh intends to contribute funding or co-funding to at least one proposed project, contingent on the receipt of at least one meritorious application relevant to neuropsychiatric or developmental disorders. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. f acilities and administrative (f &a ) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 , november 2, 2004. section
RFA-NS-16-020,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards ninds intends to commit up to $5,000,000 in direct costs in fy2016 to fund 5-8 awards. award budget application budgets are limited to $750,000 in direct costs per year, and must reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HD-09-015,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this foa will use the nih research project grant (r01) award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts (see sf424 (r&r) application guide ) . it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ) . specifically, a u.s. organization submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs) must use the phs398 modular budget component. u.s. applicants requesting more than $250,000 in annual direct costs and all foreign applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component. 2. funds available the nichd intends to commit $1.15 million and nimh intends to commit $350,000 in total costs [direct plus facilities and administrative (f & a) costs] in fy 2010 to support an expected one to three meritorious applications. it is expected that applications will request direct costs in the range of $300,000 to $400,000 per year for up to 5 years. awards may be made in excess of that annual amount provided that the scientific rationale is compelling and the costs are fully justified. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-RM-17-012,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the nih common fund intends to commit approximately $2,000,000 per year, contingent upon receiving scientifically meritorious applications. 4-6 awards are anticipated from this solicitation. award budget application budgets are limited to $300,000 direct cost per year and need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 4 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-RM-18-006,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nih intends to fund up to 10 awards, corresponding to a maximum total of $40,000,000 total costs in fy2019, $35,000,000 in fy2020, $30,000,000 in fy2021, $25,000,000 in fy2022, and $20,000,000 in fy2023. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the maximum project period is five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-AG-17-009,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nia intends to commit $2,250,000 in fy2017 to fund support 5-7 awards. award budget application budgets need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project and should be limited to no more than $250,000 direct cost per year. award project period the total project for an application submitted in response to this foa may not exceed five years nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-GM-10-006,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity will use the u54 cooperative agreement award mechanism(s). the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will have primary responsibility for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses non-modular budget formats described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). this funding opportunity will use a cooperative agreement award mechanism. in the cooperative agreement mechanism, the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) retains the primary responsibility and dominant role for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project, with nih staff being substantially involved as a partner with the principal investigator, as described under the section vi. 2. administrative requirements , "cooperative agreement terms and conditions of award". projects funded as cooperative agreement projects may be continued beyond the initial award period through application for a grant award in response to any appropriate foa. plans to reissue this foa in the future are indefinite. 2. funds available the national institute of general medical sciences expects to award at least $8 million through this announcement; and anticipates making 4-10 awards. the expected budget range is from $1.5 - $5 million total costs (direct costs, plus facilities and administrative costs) per year for project periods of up to 5 years. the maximum allowable request is $5 million in any year. the budget cap must include all costs, such as equipment and facilities and administrative costs for subcontracts. annual cost-of-living increases must not exceed 3%. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. during the course of the grant period, both computational and experimental technologies are expected to improve, and the rate of progress and focus of the work supported by the cooperative agreement may change. it is expected that the principal investigator will make any necessary adjustment in scientific direction to accommodate to changing environment. however, nigms staff must be kept informed of significant changes and prior approval may be appropriate before major changes the in utilization of awarded funds begins. section
RFA-HL-11-010,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity will use the cooperative agreement (u10) award mechanism. in the cooperative agreement mechanism, the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) retains the primary responsibility and dominant role for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project, with nih staff being substantially involved as a partner with the principal investigator, as described under the section vi. 2. administrative requirements , "cooperative agreement terms and conditions of award." p lans beyond the current funding opportunity are indefinite. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses non-modular budget formats described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). foreign institutions must submit a non-modular budget for all mechanisms. (see also section iv.6. other submission requirements and information.) 2. funds available nhlbi intends to commit approximately $64 million to fund eight awards for clinical centers and one award for a data coordinating center for a five-year period. clinical center awards will be for core infrastructure costs only and may not exceed $300,000 direct costs per year. it is anticipated that the fy 2011 award for the patient care funds will be approximately $3,530,880 in direct costs. all patient care funds will be awarded to the data coordinating center for subsequent distribution to the clinical centers as recruitment in protocols proceeds and amounts vary from year to year. funds to support clinical research skills training and development within the phn will be set aside in the dcc budget at $400,000 direct costs per year. t he estimated amount of funds available for support of up to eight projects awarded as a result of this announcement is $2,400,000 for fiscal year 2011. the estimated amount of funds for the entire network for fiscal year 2011 is $8,830,880 in direct costs. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation; see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. section
RFA-HL-19-022,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nhlbi intends to commit total costs of up to $1,376,000 in fy 2019, and $1,696,000 per year in fiscal years2020 through 2023 to fund 1 award. award budget application budgets may not exceed direct costs of $860,000 in fy 2019 and $1,060,000 per year in fy 2020 through 2023. award project period the maximum project period is five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-DK-13-507,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the niddk and partnering organizations intend to commit approximately $7.0 million, which includes $6.8 million from the niddk and $200,000 from the orwh, in fiscal year 2014 to support six mapp research network discovery sites, the dcc, and the tatc for a second project period. award budget application budgets for current mapp network discovery and core sites must reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. discovery sites may request up to $1 million in total costs per year, the tatc may request up to $750,000 in total costs per year, and the dcc may request up to $1,250,000 in total costs per year. award project period the scope of the proposed study should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-MH-14-212,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nimh intends to commit approximately $5 million in fy 2014 to award an estimate of 5-6 awards in response to this foa and the companion announcements. award budget direct costs are limited to $450,000 over the r34 project period, with no more than $225,000 in direct costs allowed in any single year. award project period the total project period for an application submitted in response to this foa may not exceed three years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HD-10-002,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity will use the nih cooperative clinical research (u10) award mechanism(s). the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses non-modular budget formats described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). this funding opportunity will use a cooperative agreement award mechanism. in the cooperative agreement mechanism, the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) retains the primary responsibility and dominant role for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project, with nih staff being substantially involved as a partner with the principal investigator, as described under the section vi. 2. administrative requirements , "cooperative agreement terms and conditions of award". 2. funds available the nichd and orwh intend to commit approximately $3 .2 million in fy 2011 to fund 7-9 new and/or competing continuation grants in response to this foa. an applicant for a clinical site may request a project period of up to 5 years and a budget for direct costs associated with base costs up to $215,000 per year. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation, see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. section
RFA-MH-19-242,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nimh intends to fund about 5 awards, corresponding to a total of $5,000,000, for fiscal year 2019. award budget application budgets may not exceed $1,000,000 direct costs annually, including any consortium f&a, and are expected to reflect actual needs of the proposed project award project period the total project period for an application submitted in response to this foa may not exceed five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-DK-19-011,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards niddk intends to commit $900,000 in fy 2020 to fund one central coordinating site award. award budget application budgets are limited to $600,000 in direct costs per year. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-RM-12-015,section ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations, and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications, and the availability of funds. nih intends to commit approximately $6,000,000 for at least 7 awards in fiscal year 2013. award budget awards will be for $500,000 direct costs each year for five years, plus applicable facilities and administrative (f&a) costs to be determined at the time of award. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HG-15-026,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nhgri intends to commit $3m total costs in fy 2016 to fund up to four awards. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the project period is four years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-MH-08-060,section ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity announcement (foa) will use the nih exploratory/developmental grant (r21) award mechanism. the applicant will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see the modular applications and awards section of the nih grants policy statement . specifically, if you are submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs), use the phs398 modular budget component provided in the sf424 (r&r) application package and sf424 (r&r) application guide (see specifically section 5.4, modular budget component, of the application guide). exploratory/developmental grant support is for new projects only; competing renewal (formerly competing continuation ) applications will not be accepted. at this time, it is not known if this foa will be reissued. 2. funds available because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the institutes and centers (ics) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. the total project period for an application submitted in response to this funding opportunity may not exceed 2 years. although the size of award may vary with the scope of research proposed, it is expected that applications will stay within the budgetary guidelines for an exploratory/developmental project. direct costs are limited to $275,000 over a two-year period, with no more than $200,000 in direct costs allowed in any single year. applicants may request direct costs in $25,000 modules, up to the total direct costs limitation of $275,000 for the combined two-year award period. the participating nih neuroscience blueprint institutes and centers ( ics ) intend to commit approximately $1,100,000 in fy20 08 to fund 4-5 applications. additional meritorious applications may be funded by individual nih institutes. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. f acilities and administrative (f &a ) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 , november 2, 2004.
RFA-AG-12-001,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed renewal the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nia intends to commit up to $11.5 million direct costs in fy2012 for one award. award budget nia intends to award up to $11.5 million direct costs in fy2012. award project period the maximum project period is six years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-MH-13-060,ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the nimh intends to commit approximately $3,000,000 in fy 2013 to fund between 6-8 grants in response to this foa and the companion announcement. award budget application budgets are not limited, but need to reflect actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the total project period for an application submitted in response to this foa may not exceed five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HD-08-016,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity will use the nih core grant (p30) award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. applicants must prepare the application in a manner consistent with the guidelines presented in the "nichd p30 center core grant guidelines" ( http://www.nichd.nih.gov/funding/mechanism/p30_guide.cfm ). this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses non-modular budget formats described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). a detailed categorical budget for the "initial budget period" and the "entire proposed period of support" is to be submitted with the application. 2. funds available the estimated amount of funds available for support of three centers awarded as a result of this announcement is $ 4.2 million for fiscal year 2009 . future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. an applicant for a new grant may request a project period of up to five years and a budget for direct costs up to $ 750,000 per year. an applicant for a renewal (competing continuation) grant may request a project period of up to five years and a budget for initial year direct costs of $750,000 or the amount representing an increase of up to 1 percent above the direct costs awarded in the final noncompeting (type 5) year, whichever is greater. budget increments for subsequent years will have a three percent limit. budgets for new and renewal applications will undergo stringent review within these guidelines. applications with budgets that exceed these guidelines will be deemed by nichd to be non-responsive to this foa and will be returned without review. the cost of a proposed center will be a material consideration in the selection of applications for funding. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation; see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. section
RFA-HL-15-005,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed revisions the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nhlbi intends to commit $600,000 in fy 2015 to fund up to six awards and $600,000 in fy 2016 to fund up to six additional awards. award budget the award budget is $50,000-75,000 direct costs per year. award project period the total project period may not exceed two years. applicants may request support for up to two years, not to exceed the remaining number of years on the parent grant at the time of award of the revision. supplements will not be awarded if the award would overlap a no-cost extension. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AI-14-071,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards issuing ic and partner component intend to commit an estimated total of $7 million in fy2016 to fund 6-8 awards. (updated january 29, 2015 per issuance of not-ai-15-018 .) award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the project period can be 3-5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HD-21-015,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nichd intends to commit a total of $150,000 in fy 2021 to fund up to two awards. award budget application budgets are limited to a direct cost of $75,000 but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. indirect (f & a) costs are not permitted with this funding mechanism. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 2 years. applications may be for a single conference or for a series of conferences, but must be conducted within the established budget and project period limits. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-HL-08-003,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity announcement (foa) will use the nih research project grant ( r01) award mechanism. the applicant will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ). specifically, if you are a u.s. organization and are submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs), use the phs398 modular budget component provided in the sf424 (r&r) application package and sf424 (r&r) application guide (see specifically section 5.4, modular budget component, of the application guide). applicants requesting more than $250,000 in annual direct costs must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component found in the application package for this foa. see not-od-06-096 , august 23, 2006. at this time, it is not known if competing renewal (formerly competing continuation ) applications will be accepted and/or if this foa will be reissued. 2. funds available because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the institutes and centers (ics) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. the nhlbi intends to commit approximately $8 million dollars in fiscal year 2008 to fund approximately 8 applications for up to five years for each application (1 data coordinating center and 6-7 clinical centers). an applicant may request a project period of up to five years and a budget for direct costs up to $650,000 per year. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. f&a costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 , november 2, 2004. section
RFA-CA-11-007,ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new renewal resubmission the oer glossary and the phs398 application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the national cancer institute intends to commit an estimated total of $42.6 million for 8-9 awards in fy 2012. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget application budgets are not limited, but need to reflect actual needs of the proposed research project. in addition, cooperative group ccop research applicants may request funding for costs associated with transition and transformation activities that relate to the consolidation and transformation of the clinical cooperative groups into a more integrated network (see award project period below).. award project period the total project period proposed may not exceed 5 years for any application (i.e., cooperative group or cancer center ccop research base). because the nci-funded clinical cooperative groups are in the process of consolidating into 4 adult groups (from the current 9 adult groups) over the next several years, cooperative group ccop research base applicants should propose a project period that will align with their groups consolidation /transformation plans. the proposed project period should allow adequate time for integration of the research bases cancer prevention and control research infrastructure into a consolidated or transformed cooperative group, time for the cooperative group to be peer reviewed and identified for funding, and time for the research base to submit a competing application and be notified about the outcome of the peer review. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-OD-09-007,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this foa will use the academic research enhancement a ward (r15) mechanism . the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts (see sf424 (r&r) application guide ) . it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ) . 2. funds available applicants may request a maximum of $300,000 total direct costs plus applicable facilities & administrative (f&a)/indirect costs for the entire project period of up to three years. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation; see not-od-05-004 . these can be requested in addition to the $300,000 direct costs limit. applications received in response to this foa will compete for arra funds allocated to the participating nih ics. the number and size of the awards will depend on the number of applications submitted, their relative scientific merit, and the general availability of funds for investigator-initiated research at the participating ics. this initiative is supported by funds provided to the nih under the american recovery & reinvestment act of 2009 ( recovery act or arra ), public law 111-5. the purpose of the recovery act is to stimulate the american economy through job preservation and creation, infrastructure investment, energy efficiency and science, and other means. consistent with these goals, domestic (united states) institutions/organizations planning to submit applications that include foreign components should be aware that requested funding for any foreign component should not exceed 10% of the total requested direct costs or $25,000 per year (aggregate total for a subcontract or multiple subcontracts), whichever is less . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-GM-13-003,ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed resubmission, only resubmissions of applications that originally responded to first submission date for this foa are allowed revision the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nigms intends to commit $3,200,000 total costs in fy 2013 for this foa. award budget the maximum award budget is $80,000/year direct costs. this figure does not include subcontract f&a. award project period the maximum award project period is until the end of the currently awarded parent project period. to qualify for a year of support, applications should be submitted at least 22 months before the end of project's last budget period. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-OD-15-129,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards obbsr, nhlbi, niaaa, nibib, and ninds intend to commit a total of $2,000,000 to fund one (1) award. award budget award budgets are limited to $1,250,000 in direct costs per year. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. . award project period the total project period may not exceed 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-RM-13-005,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new resubmission the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. nih intends to fund an estimate of 3 to 4 awards, corresponding to a total of $162,000 total costs, for fiscal year 2014. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget application budgets are limited to $50,000 direct costs per year, and must reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum period is 3 years. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum period is 3 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HG-20-015,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new renewal resubmission the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nhgri intends to commit $1,000,000 in fy21, 22 and 23 to fund 3-5 awards yearly. the actual number of awards and amount are contingent on nih appropriations, and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. award budget an applicant may request up to $200,000 per year and no more than $400,000 in direct costs for the entire project period. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 3 years nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-AG-22-020,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s). need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nia intends to commit $1.87 million in fy 2022 to fund three to four awards. award budget budgets up to $500,000 in direct costs per year may be requested. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-OD-20-014,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. nih intends to fund an estimate of 10 awards, corresponding to a total of $10m, for fiscal years 2020, and 2021. award budget application budgets are limited to $300,000 in direct costs annually. award project period the maximum project period is 2 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-AA-07-020,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity announcement (foa) will use the nih research project grant ( r01) award mechanism. the applicant will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ). specifically, if you are a u.s. organization and are submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs), use the phs398 modular budget component provided in the sf424 (r&r) application package and sf424 (r&r) application guide (see specifically section 5.4, modular budget component, of the application guide). u.s. applicants requesting more than $250,000 in annual direct costs and all foreign applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component found in the application package for this foa. see not-od-06-096 , august 23, 2006. 2. funds available because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the institutes and centers (ics) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. the participating organization, the national institute on alcohol abuse and alcoholism (niaaa) intends to commit approximately 2 million dollars in fiscal year 20 07 to fund 5-7 applications. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. f&a costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 , november 2, 2004. section
RFA-AG-07-005,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity will use the p30 award mechanism. as an applicant, you will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this funding opportunity uses the just-in-time budget concepts. it also uses the non-modular budget format described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). a detailed categorical budget for the "initial budget period" and the "entire proposed period of support" is to be submitted with the application. 2. funds available the nia expects to award approximately $2.7 million per year in direct costs through this rfa for the first year the nia expects to make 3-5 awards through this announcement plus one award for a coordinating center. the expected amount for individual awards should not exceed $500,000 in direct costs the amount of funding per award for these initiatives, on average, has been $450,000, and the anticipated start date is september 2007 for these new awards. the national institute on aging intends to commit approximately $2,740,000 in fy2007 to fund 3-5 new and/or competing continuation grants in response to this rfa. an applicant may request a project period of up to five years and a budget for direct costs up to $500,000 per year. in addition, the national institute on aging intends to commit approximately $150,000 in direct costs to support one coordinating center at one of the selected rcmar sites. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the national institute on aging provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation, see not-od-05-004 . section
RFA-AR-16-003,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niams intends to commit up to $1.5 million in fy 2016 to fund a maximum of three awards. the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations, and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. award budget application budgets are limited to $500k direct costs per year. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AI-16-031,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the following nih components intend to commit the following amounts in fy 2017 to fund 3-4 awards: niaid, $3.6 million nimh, $0.5 million award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the project period may be up to 5 years: up to 2 years for the first phase (ug3) and up to 3 years for the second phase (uh3). nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-RM-10-017,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the phs398 application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nih common fund will commit at least $4m/year for five years; one or two awards are anticipated in fy2011. although the financial plans of the nih provides support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. award budget individual application budgets should not exceed $2.6m per year, direct costs and must reflect actual needs of proposed project. award project period the total award period requested for this foa may not exceed five years nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. section
RFA-AI-18-004,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards niaid intends to commit $12 million in fy 2019 to fund 2-3 awards. award budget applicants may propose budgets of up to $3.75 million direct costs per year, which includes up to $75,000 in direct costs for either one or a maximum of two collaborative pilot projects per year. application budgets need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-DK-08-015,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity will use the cooperative agreement (u01) award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses non-modular budget formats described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). this funding opportunity will use a cooperative agreement award mechanism. in the cooperative agreement mechanism, the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) retains the primary responsibility and dominant role for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project, with nih staff being substantially involved as a partner with the principal investigator, as described under the section vi. 2. administrative requirements , "cooperative agreement terms and conditions of award". plans to continue the consortium beyond the current funding opportunity are indefinite. 2. funds available the niddk expects to award a total of $2.5 million (direct and facilities and administrative costs) in fiscal year 2009 through this announcement; the range of the number of awards is between four and seven. the expected direct cost amount for individual awards is likely to range from $250,000 to $500,000 a year. discovery sites are expected to range from $250,000 to $350,000 in direct costs per year; combined discovery/validation sites are expected to range from $250,000 to $500,000 direct costs per year. validation sites are expected to range from $350,000 to $500,000 direct costs per year. applications may not exceed $500,000 direct costs a year and cannot exceed five years in duration. proposals for a single validation and coordination site may include a supplementary budget of up to $75,000 in direct costs to provide coordination for the consortium, including supervision of jointly planned validation studies, meeting planning and support, and administration of future pilot and feasibility, and ancillary studies. applicants should budget for appropriate personnel to attend three meetings of the consortium in the bethesda maryland area during the first year of the award, and to attend two consortium meetings each subsequent year. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the niddk provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation, see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. section
RFA-DK-12-005,section ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niddk intends to commit $171,000 in fy 2012. the award will support one national program for high school students. award budget application budgets are not limited, but need to reflect actual needs of the proposed project. direct costs for the high school program cannot exceed $158,000 per year. award project period the total project period for an application submitted in response to this funding opportunity announcement may not exceed 5 years. other award budget information personnel costs individuals designing, directing, and implementing the research education program may request salary and fringe benefits appropriate for the person months devoted to the program. salaries requested may not exceed the levels commensurate with the institution's policy for similar positions and may not exceed the congressionally mandated cap. (if mentoring interactions and other activities with students/participants are considered a regular part of an individual's academic duties, then any costs associated with the mentoring and other interactions with students/participants are not allowable costs from grant funds). it is expected that total personnel cost (including salary and fringe benefits) are not to exceed $40,000 per project year. participant costs participants may be paid if specifically required for the proposed research education program and sufficiently justified. participant costs must be itemized in the proposed budget. institutions may request support for at least 20 but not no more than 25 student participants, per budget period, based on a full-time, eight to twelve week appointment. the allowance for high school students participating in the program should not exceed $2,500. other program-related expenses consultant costs, equipment, supplies, travel for key persons, and other program-related expenses may be included in the proposed budget. these expenses must be justified as specifically required by the proposed program and must not duplicate items generally available at the applicant institution. the institution may request up to $500 per student per mentor per year to cover the costs of laboratory supplies and expenses. travel costs are not to exceed $1,200 for each student per year, $1,300 for each pd/pi, program coordinator and chaperone per year. one chaperone is required per 6 high school students. all chaperones must be directly affiliated with the program (e.g. pds/pis, program coordinators, research mentors, and former participants). an additional $2,000 per year is available to cover other expenses directly related to the program. indirect costs indirect costs (also known as facilities & administrative [f&a] costs) are reimbursed at 8% of modified total direct costs (exclusive of tuition and fees and expenditures for equipment), rather than on the basis of a negotiated rate agreement. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AR-21-004,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. niams intends to commit up to $1.5 million direct costs in fy2021 to fund a maximum of three awards. award budget application budgets are limited to $500,000 direct costs per year. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-AG-18-026,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new resubmission the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nia intends to commit $3.5 million in fy 2018 to fund 6-8 awards. the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. award budget application budgets need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project and should be limited to no more than $350,000 in direct costs per year. award project period the total project period for an application submitted in response to this foa may not exceed five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-DK-20-029,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials. need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards niddk intends to commit $14,660,000 in fy 2022 to support four related funding opportunities, rfa-dk-20-026 , rfa-dk-20-027 , rfa-dk-20-028 and rfa-dk-20-029 . we expect to award 1 central hub under this funding opportunity announcement. award budget the direct costs for the u24 award are expected to be approximately $2,200,000 per year (excluding opportunity pool). applicants may ask for $1,000,000 or more per year for the opportunity pool. all opportunity pool costs are inclusive of any f&a for the central hub and the subawardees. as such, the central hub should not calculate f&a on the opportunity pool set aside. application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-LM-16-001,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nih intends to fund an estimate of 14-16 awards, corresponding to a total amount of $14,000,000, for fiscal year 2017. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget grantees are expected to be familiar with and comply with applicable cost policies. funds may be used only for those expenses that are directly related to and necessary for the research training and must be expended in conformance with omb cost principles, the nih grants policy statement , and regulations, policies, guidelines, and conditions set forth in this document. award project period the expected project period is five years, beginning july 1, 2017. awards are normally made in 12-month increments with support for additional years based on satisfactory progress and the continued availability of funds. other award budget information stipends, tuition, and fees nlm institutional training awards provide stipends as a subsistence allowance to help defray living expenses during the research training experience. additionally, nlm will contribute to the combined cost of tuition and fees at the rate in place at the time of award based on the levels described on the ruth l. kirschstein national research service award (nrsa) site. visit nih grants policy statement: ruth l. kirschstein national research service awards for more information. nlm maintains current stipend, tuition and fee information on its extramural programs site at https://www.nlm.nih.gov/ep/trainingdirectors.html for short-term trainees, the nlm stipend equals 25% of the lowest level of the nlm predoctoral or postdoctoral stipend table. trainee travel trainee travel to attend scientific meetings and workshops that the institution determines to be necessary for the individuals research training experience is an allowable trainee expense for predoctoral and postdoctoral trainees. applicants may request $2,000 per year per trainee to support trainee travel to scientific meetings and workshops, one of which must be the annual nlm informatics training conference. short-term trainees do not receive travel support. training related expenses nih will provide funds to help defray other research training expenses, such as health insurance, staff salaries, consultant costs, equipment, research supplies, and faculty/staff travel directly related to the research training program. applicants may request training related expenses of $6,500 for each predoctoral or postdoctoral trainee. in addition, applicants may request additional funds to assist in paying trainee health insurance at the rate of $2,000 per predoctoral trainee or $4,000 per postdoctoral trainee per year. for each short -term trainee, applicants may request trainee-related expenses of $1,100 per year. indirect costs indirect costs (also known as facilities & administrative [f&a] costs) are reimbursed at 8% of modified total direct costs (exclusive of tuition and fees, consortium costs in excess of $25,000, and expenditures for equipment), rather than on the basis of a negotiated rate agreement. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HG-17-011,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide etails on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nhgri intends to commit up to $5m in total costs in fy 2018 to fund one award. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget application budgets should reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the total project period for this foa is 5 years (fy18 through fy22). nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HD-07-005,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity announcement (foa) will use the nih research project grant ( r01) award mechanism. the applicant will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ). specifically, if you are a u.s. organization and are submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs), use the phs398 modular budget component provided in the sf424 (r&r) application package and sf424 (r&r) application guide (see specifically section 5.4, modular budget component, of the application guide). u.s. applicants requesting more than $250,000 in annual direct costs and all foreign applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component found in the application package for this foa. see not-od-06-096 , august 23, 2006. 2. funds available because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the institutes and centers (ics) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. the participating organization, nichd, intends to commit approximately $3,000,000 dollars (total costs) in fiscal year 20 08 to fund 4-6 applications. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. f&a costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 , november 2, 2004. section
RFA-HD-14-022,ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nichd intends to commit $1,800,000 in fy 2015 to fund up to seven clinical site awards. award budget an applicant for a clinical site may request a budget for direct costs up to $172,000 per year. cpccrn patient and protocol costs, and support for required monitoring, data and safety monitoring boards, and advisory board meetings are administered through the data coordinating center that supports the cpccrn. award project period an applicant for a clinical site may request a project period of 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-RM-11-018,section ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the total amount of funds available for these awards is approximately $1,500,000 for fy2012-2016, contingent upon receiving scientifically meritoriousapplications. two to three awards are anticipated from this solicitation. award budget applicants may request up to a total of $50,000 in direct costs for the first year planning of curricula for the workshop or course. applicants may request up to a total of $100,000 annually in direct costs for years 2 to 5 to implement courses and workshops. budgets need to reflect actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the total project period may not exceed 5 years. other award budget information personnel costs individuals designing, directing, and implementing the research education program may request salary and fringe benefits appropriate for the person months devoted to the program. salaries requested may not exceed the levels commensurate with the institution's policy for similar positions and may not exceed the congressionally mandated cap. (if mentoring interactions and other activities with students/participants are considered a regular part of an individual's academic duties, then any costs associated with the mentoring and other interactions with students/participants are not allowable costs from grant funds). participant costs participant costs for those individuals who will benefit from the proposed research education program may be covered from the grant award. participants may receive funds to defray partial tuition or fees for course credit and other education-related expenses and these charges may be treated as an allowable grant expense. other tuition and fees that are not associated with participation in the workshops or courses may not be charged to the grant. participant costs may include funds to cover travel and per diem expenses. it is expected that preference will be given to undergraduate and predoctoral students, postdoctoral and clinical fellows, and experienced investigators who indicate a financial need to attend this educational program. . participant costs must be itemized in the proposed budget expenses for foreign travel must be exceptionally well justified. individuals supported by nih training and career development mechanisms (k, t, or f awards) may receive, and indeed are encouraged to receive, educational experiences supported by the r25 mechanism, as participants, but may not receive salary or stipend supplementation from a research education program. because the r25 mechanism is not intended as a substitute for an nrsa institutional training program (t32), costs to support full-time participants (supported for 40 hours/week for a continuous, 12-month period) are not allowable. other program-related expenses consultant costs, equipment, supplies, travel for key persons, and other program-related expenses may be included in the proposed budget. these expenses must be justified as specifically required by the proposed program and must not duplicate items generally available at the applicant institution. costs associated with the organization of courses, workshops, etc., that will not be offset by registration fees may be budgeted. all requests for these other program related expenses support must be justified. indirect costs indirect costs (also known as facilities & administrative [f&a] costs) are reimbursed at 8% of modified total direct costs (exclusive of tuition and fees and expenditures for equipment), rather than on the basis of a negotiated rate agreement. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AG-18-012,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. nia intends to commit $2.25 million in fy2018 to fund 1 award. nia also intends to commit a total of $3.75 million in fy2019, $3.75 million in fy2020, $2.25 million in fy2021, and $1.5 million in fy2022. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-RM-12-024,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the total amount of funds available for this foa is approximately $2.7 million for fy2013, contingent upon receiving scientifically meritorious applications. six to eight awards are anticipated from this solicitation. award budget application budgets are not limited, but must reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the requested project period should be determined by the project's scope, up to a maximum of five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AG-21-001,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new renewal resubmission the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nia intends to commit $1 million in fy2021 to fund 1 award. award budget application budgets are limited to $675,000 in annual direct costs. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-RM-13-022,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed revision the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. the nih common fund intends to commit $2.2m in fy 2014 to fund 5-8 awards. award budget applications may request up to $250,000 direct costs per year. award project period the maximum period of support is limited by the time remaining on the parent award (not including no-cost extension periods) and may not be more than 2 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HD-10-006,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity will use the nih program project (p01) award mechanism(s). the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses non-modular budget formats described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). 2. funds available for this funding opportunity, up to $4,000,000 total costs per year over five years for two to three awards are anticipated. direct costs are limited to $900,000 per year, exclusive of f&a costs on consortium/subcontract agreements, for a total project period of up to five years. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation, see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. section
RFA-AI-11-024,ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niaid intends to commit $4 million in total costs to fund fifteen to twenty awards in fy2012. award budget support for the r21 phase cannot exceed two years and direct costs are limited to $275,000 over the r21 two-year period, with a maximum of $200,000 in direct costs allowed in any single year. the r33 award phase is limited to $300,000 in direct costs per year and cannot exceed three years. the niaid anticipates that a maximum of fifty percent (50%) of the funded r21 phase awards will progress to the r33 award. award project period the total project period for an application submitted in response to this foa cannot exceed five years. awards will support milestone-driven exploratory/feasibility proof-of-concept studies (two-year r21 phase), with possible rapid transition to expanded development (three-year r33 phase). applications for r21 or r33 support alone are not responsive to this foa. investigators seeking support solely through the r21 mechanism are encouraged to apply for the nih-wide r21 exploratory/developmental research grant program (see http://grants2.nih.gov/grants/guide/pa-files/pa-06-181.html , or other announcements). nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-NS-16-012,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nih intends to fund one award, corresponding to $3 million direct costs for fiscal year 2016. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget application budgets should reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. application budgets should not exceed $3 million direct costs (this cap does not include the cost of consortium f&a). award project period the maximum project period is 5 years nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DA-12-011,section ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nida expects to commit approximately $2 million to fund 2-3 awards in fy 2012. award budget $500,000 in direct costs each year for five years, plus standard f&a costs, which will be determined at the time of award. award project period 5 years nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AG-13-007,section ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations, and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. nia intends to commit $1.5 million in fy 2013 to fund 5-6 applications in response to this foa. award budget application budgets need to reflect actual needs of the proposed project and should be modular with a maximum of $200,000 direct cost per year in any given year. award project period scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-CA-09-018,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity uses the nih u01 cooperative agreement award mechanism(s) . the project directors/principal investigators (pds/pis) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses non-modular budget formats described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). this funding opportunity uses a cooperative agreement award mechanism. in the cooperative agreement mechanism, the pd/pi or pds/pis retain(s) the primary responsibility and dominant role for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project, with nih staff being substantially involved as a partner with the pd(s)/pi(s), as described under the section vi. 2. administrative requirements , "cooperative agreement terms and conditions of award." 2. funds available the estimated amount of funds available for the support of up to 10 projects awarded as a result of this announcement is $9 - 10 million for fiscal year 2010. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. an applicant may request a project period of up to 5 years at a budget of up to $600,000 per year (direct costs). because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the nci provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation, see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. section
RFA-AA-21-007,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s). need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards niaaa and participating ics intend to commit an estimated total cost of $5.0 m in fy 2022 to fund one consortium in response to this foa and companion foas ( rfa-aa-21-008 , rfa-aa-21-009 ). up to 5 u01 applications are expected to be funded from this foa. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-OD-14-005,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of sufficient meritorious applications. the participating institutes and centers intend to commit an estimated total of $9,000,000 to fund up to three awards. award budget the maximum budget for a hub is $1,000,000 total costs per year. award project period the maximum project period is 3 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AG-20-016,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nia intends to commit $2 million in fy 2020 to fund 4-6 awards for this foa and its companion. award budget the combined budget for direct costs for the two-year project period may not exceed $275,000. no more than $200,000 may be requested in any single year. award project period the maximum project period is 2 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-DK-10-011,section ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards in fy 2011, niddk intends to commit $1.45 million in support of 4 awards. award budget niddk intends to commit up to $225,000 direct costs per year and for a period of up to three years. a maximum of $450,000 direct costs may be requested. award project period the maximum period is 3 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. section
RFA-RM-14-020,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the nih common fund intends to commit $5.5 million in fy 2015 collectively across rfa-rm-14-018, rfa-rm-14-019, and rfa-rm-14-020 to fund a total of six awards, contingent upon receiving scientifically meritorious applications. the nih common fund intends to commit $4.5 million in fy2016 across the same three foas, and $5.0 million in each of fy2017, fy2018, and fy2019, contingent upon sufficient funding. award budget for the uh2 phase, application budgets are limited to $916,000 in total costs for fy15, $750,000 in total costs for fy16, and $833,000 in total costs for fy17. for the uh3 phase, application budgets are limited to $1.25m in total costs for fy18 and fy19. all application budgets should reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period 5 years, contingent on completion of milestones and research objectives, including a 3-year uh2 phase and 2-year uh3 phase nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HD-06-010,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity will use the nih institutional mentored research scientist development program (k12) award mechanism. as an applicant, you will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed program. this funding opportunity uses the just-in-time budget concepts. it also uses the non-modular budget format described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). a detailed categorical budget for the "initial budget period" and the "entire proposed period of support" is to be submitted with the application. 2. funds available the nichd intends to commit approximately $1.5 million total costs [direct plus facilities and administrative (f & a) costs in fy 2007 to fund three new grants in response to this rfa. the ninds plans to provide an additional $100,000 funding only for projects that are considered programmatically important to their mission. an applicant may request a project period of up to five years and a budget for direct costs up to $600,000 in the initial year and up to $1.1 million direct costs annually for years two through five. awards are anticipated to start in july, 2007. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation see not-od-05-004 . section
RFA-RR-09-003,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity will use the cooperative agreement (u42) award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses non-modular budget formats described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). this funding opportunity will use a cooperative agreement award mechanism. in the cooperative agreement mechanism, the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) retains the primary responsibility and dominant role for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project, with nih staff being substantially involved as a partner with the principal investigator, as described under the section vi. 2. administrative requirements , "cooperative agreement terms and conditions of award". plans beyond the current funding opportunity are indefinite. 2. funds available a total of up to $3 million in direct costs is available, contingent on the availability of funds. it is anticipated that three (3) competing continuation awards will be made, contingent on the availability of funds, and the submission of meritorious applications. the estimated direct cost amount for competing continuation individual awards is expected to range from $900k to $1 million. the total project period for applications submitted in response to this funding opportunity may not exceed five (5) years. the cap for direct costs must be approved by the program officer. the estimated amount of funds available for support of three projects awarded as a result of this announcement is $ 3m direct costs for fiscal year 2010. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation, see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. section
RFA-NS-21-001,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the ninds intents to commit up to $6,750,000 total costs in fiscal year (fy) 2021. the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. funds available in future years will depend on future annual appropriations. award budget applicants may request up to $1,000,000 direct costs per year with the follow exception: applications containing a translational project and/or clinical component (i.e. clinical research project plus a clinical core) may request up to $1,500,000 direct costs per year. application budgets must justify and reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the project period is limited to 5 years nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-ES-16-008,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niehs intends to commit $5 m in fy 2017 to fund 4-5 awards. award budget application budgets are limited to the combined total direct costs of niehs funded projects to be consolidated into the r35 award as outlined above, plus 10%, not to exceed a total direct costs of $750,000 annually. the budget requested needs to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period applicants may request up to 8 years of support, which must be justified within the actual needs of the proposed research program. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AI-08-010,section ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity will use the nih multi-project cooperative agreement (u19) award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses non-modular budget formats described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). this funding opportunity will use a cooperative award mechanism. in the cooperative agreement mechanism, the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) retains the primary responsibility and dominant role for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project, with nih staff being substantially involved as a partner with the principal investigator, as described under the section vi. 2. administrative requirements , "cooperative agreement terms and conditions of award". at this time, the niaid has not determined whether or how this solicitation will be continued beyond the present foa. 2. funds available niaid, niddk, niams, ninds, and orwh intend to commit approximately $ 12.1 million in fy 2009 to fund up to 9 new and/or competing renewal grants in response to this foa. an applicant may request a project period of up to 5 years and a budget for direct costs up to $450,000 per year. of the $12.1million total, approximately $4.9 million per year will be available in a discretionary fund to support clinical trials including associated mechanistic studies, pilot research projects, and other group activities. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation, see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AA-17-008,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niaaa intends to commit an estimated total cost of $4m in fy 2017 to fund one consortium in response to this foa and companion foas (rfa-aa-17-007; rfa-aa-17-009; rfa-aa-17-010; rfa-aa-17-011; rfa-aa-17-012). only 1 u24 application is expected to be funded from this foa. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DK-16-013,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new renewal resubmission from rfa-dk-13-020 or rfa-dk-15-002 the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niddk intends to commit $1,200,000 in fy 2016 to fund one award. award budget application budgets are limited to $1 million in direct costs per year. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-CA-17-033,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nci intends to commit $3,900,000 in fy 2018 to fund up to 3 awards. award budget applicants may request a maximum of $800,000 direct costs per year. award project period the maximum project period is 3 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-CA-15-019,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. nci intends to commit $2,000,000 in fy2016 to fund two awards. award budget application budgets are limited to $660,000 direct costs per year. award project period gdac applicants should propose project periods of five years. longer project periods are not permissible. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HD-12-105,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this foa will use the nih small grant (r03) award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts (see sf424 (r&r) application guide ) . it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ) . specifically, a u.s. organization submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs) must use the phs398 modular budget component. u.s. applicants requesting more than $250,000 in annual direct costs and all foreign applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component. 2. funds available the total amount of funding that nih expects to award through this announcement is $1.3 million per year, with $300,000 from ninr, $1.0 million from nichd, part of which has been donated by the waltham centre for pet nutrition, a division of mars, incorporated, as part of a public-private partnership with the nichd . the anticipated number of awards is 8-10. budgets for direct costs of up to $50,000 per year and a project duration of up to 2 years may be requested for a maximum of $100,000 in direct costs over a 2-year project period. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AI-19-023,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nih intends to commit up to $8.3 million fy 2020 to fund the research projects covered within the u.s.-south africa program for collaborative biomedical research - phase 2. for this specific foa, issuing ic and partner components intend to commit up to $3.0 million to fund 8-10 awards in fy 2020. award budget application budgets are limited to $250,000 in total costs. the nih irp investigator's costs will not be included in the award issued to the recipient. indirect costs for foreign grantees are limited to 8% of modified total direct costs. f&a costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. applicant organizations are reminded that facilities and administrative (f&a) or "indirect costs" are allowable for only the allowable extramural costs of the project. f&a will not be paid for any nih irp costs or services. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-DK-19-033,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new renewal - only one renewal is allowed resubmission applications in response to rfa-dk-18-028 the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards niddk intends to commit $1,000,000 in fy 2020 to fund up to 3 awards. award budget application budgets are limited to no more than $200,000 in direct costs per year. award project period the maximum project period is 2 years. the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-HL-10-025,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity will use the nih u01 cooperative agreement award mechanism(s). the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts (see sf424 (r&r) application guide ) . it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ) . specifically, a u.s. organization submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs) must use the phs398 modular budget component. u.s. applicants requesting more than $250,000 in annual direct costs must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component. this funding opportunity will use a cooperative agreement award mechanism. in the cooperative agreement mechanism, the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) retains the primary responsibility and dominant role for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project, with nih staff being substantially involved as a partner with the principal investigator, as described under the section vi. 2. administrative requirements , "cooperative agreement terms and conditions of award." 2. funds available the nhlbi expects to award $600,000 in total costs over four years to support one rcu. budgets for direct costs up to $100,000 each year may be requested for a maximum of $400,000 direct costs over the four-year period. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation, see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. section
RFA-HG-18-006,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new resubmission revision the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nhgri intends to commit $1 million in fy 2019 to fund two awards. award budget applicants may request up to $300,000 direct costs per year (exclusive of subcontract f&a). award project period the project period is five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-AI-12-003,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement application types allowed new the oer glossary and the phs398 application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niaid and nimh intends to commit $7.7 million dollars in fy 2013 for 2-3 awards. award budget the ipcp-htm program application must consist of 2 projects and an administrative core to support the preclinical development of a single or combination microbicide candidate at a total direct base cost limit of $0.8 million (range $0.5 to $0.8 million). applications may request additional funding to support research in any or all of the following areas of interest: an additional $0.3 million (range $0.2 to $0.3 million) may be requested for applications using non-human primates and/or humanized mouse models for assessment of in vivo safety and/or efficacy of a microbicide candidate or strategy. up to $0.6 million (range $0.2 to $0.6 million) may be requested for applications incorporating an exploratory pre-phase i clinical trial(s). up to $0.3 million (range $0.2 to $0.3 million) may be requested for applications incorporating behavioral studies of microbicide acceptability, adherence and use as either a standalone project or for incorporating these studies into a proposed pre-phase i clinical trial(s). up to $0.2 million (range $0.1 to $0.2 million) per year for development and pilot clinical testing of quantative biomedical methods to measure product adherence. support for a total of 3 years during the 4 or 5 year duration of award may be requested for an ind-enabling critical path project with a maximum direct cost per year of $0.8 million (range $0.4 to $0.8 million). the monies identified for support of this activity may not be used for these types of activities when they are incorporated into another project or core. the total direct cost requested for the ipcp-htm application (base plus combination of 1-4 above) may not exceed $3.0 million. with program officer approval applicants may propose to exceed the individual direct cost cap within the research areas listed above. however, the allowed total direct cost still remains $3.0 million. issuing ic and partner components intend to commit an estimated total of $8 million dollars. award project period an applicant may request a project period of up to 4 years for an application that does not include a pre-phase i clinical trial, and up to 5 years for an application that includes a pre-phase i clinical trial. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DK-18-506,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed renewal applications only for the awards supported under rfa-dk-13-503 the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? required: only accepting applications that propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the niddk plans to commit $5 million dollars in fy 2019 to support two related approaches to the continuation of the nonalcoholic steatohepatitis clinical research network (nash crn), as embodied in rfa-dk-18-505 , and rfa-dk-18-506 . it is expected that up to 9 awards will be supported in fy 2019 in total under these two rfas. the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. award budget initial awards will be up to $2 million direct costs per year. based on project data provided in the annual rppr, awards may be adjusted (e.g., reduced or increased above the initial budget threshold) to accommodate recruitment and other scientific and patient care needs associated with the networks operations and approved aims. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-AG-15-004,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. nia will commit a total of $800,000 in fy 2015 to fund two awards. award budget the combined budget for direct costs for the entire project period may not exceed $600,000. no more than $300,000 direct costs may be requested in any single year. application budgets should reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is three years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-RM-19-008,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the nih common fund intends to commit approximately $4,000,000 to support approximately 10 awards in fy 2020, contingent upon availability of funds and receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations and satisfactory progress. award budget awards will be for up to $250,000 in direct costs per year, plus applicable facilities and administrative (f&a) costs. award project period the project period is limited to five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-HL-13-022,ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement application types allowed renewal the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the award is contingent upon nih appropriations, and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. one (1) dcc will be funded by this award. it is estimated that approximately $41,520,000 (total costs) will be awarded to the dcc over a five (5) year period. funding for core laboratories, consortium clinical sites, biorepositories, and protocol reimbursement will be provided according to the instructions in this announcement. the following nih components intend to commit the following amounts in fy2013: nhlbi: $8,104,000 (total costs) ninds: $200,000 (total costs) award budget the dcc may request up to $2,000,000 direct costs each year for basic infrastructure costs. funding for core laboratories, biorepositories and protocol reimbursement should be requested separately and will be administered by the dcc in the following amounts (direct costs), year 1: $2,472,941 and years 2-5: $2,178,823. award project period the total project period for an application submitted in response to this funding opportunity may not exceed 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AG-15-017,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new resubmissions from rfa-ag-13-012 and rfa-ag-14-014 the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the national institute on aging intendto commit approximately $1 million in fy 2014 to support 5 to 7 awards. the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations, and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. award budget award budgets are composed of salary and other program-related expenses, as described below. award project period awards will be made for three, four or five years. other award budget information salary applicants may seek up to $200,000 (direct costs) per year. direct costs requested across all years may be no more than $600,000 for three year awards; $700,000 for four year awards; and $800,000 for five year awards. the total salary requested must be based on a full-time staff appointment. the salary must be consistent both with the established salary structure at the institution and with salaries actually provided by the institution from its own funds to other staff members of equivalent qualifications, rank, and responsibilities in the department concerned. the sponsoring institution may supplement the nih salary contribution up to a level that is consistent with the institution's salary scale. however, supplementation may not be from federal funds unless specifically authorized by the federal program from which such funds are derived. in no case may phs funds be used for salary supplementation. institutional supplementation of salary must not require extra duties or responsibilities that would interfere with the purpose of the career award. other program-related expenses nih will contribute up to $200,000 per year towards the award. candidates may propose a budget appropriate to the research and related needs (e.g., travel to one of the annual beeson meetings) within this limit. salary for mentors, secretarial and administrative assistants, etc. is not allowed. indirect costs indirect costs (also known as facilities & administrative [f&a] costs) are reimbursed at 8% of modified total direct costs. nih grant policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AI-18-017,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards issuing ic and partner components intend to commit an estimated total of $2,250,000 to fund 4-6 awards. award budget application budgets are limited to $500,000 in direct costs per year. requested budgets should reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-CA-20-001,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the nih intends to commit $6,100,000 in fy 2020 to fund five to six awards. the number of awards is contingent upon the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. award budget application budgets need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project but must not exceed $800,000 per year in direct costs. award project period applicants may request project periods of up to 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-HL-10-011,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity announcement (foa) will use the nih mentored research scientist development award (k01) award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) (also referred to as the candidate) and his/her mentor will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts (see sf424 (r&r) application guide ) . it also uses non-modular budget format. the k01 program must be tailored to meet the individual needs of the candidate. candidates may request 3 to 5 years of support. indirect costs: these costs also known as facilities and administrative (f&a) costs, will be reimbursed at eight percent (8%) of modified total direct costs. awards are not renewable and are not transferable from one pd/pi to another. 2. funds available the estimated amount of funds available for support of two to three new projects awarded as a result of this announcement is $300,000 for each fiscal year 2010, 2011, and 2012. the actual amount may vary annually, depending on the response to the foa and availability of funds. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. the total project period for an application submitted in response to this foa must be at least three but not more than five years. loan repayment program (lrp): awardees under this program may be eligible to apply for the nih extramural loan repayment program. information regarding the eligibility requirements and benefits for the program may be obtained through the lrp website at ( http://www.lrp.nih.gov/ ). because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the nhlbi provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. k01 award recipients are encouraged to obtain funding from nih or other federal sources either as a named pd/pi on a competing research grant award or cooperative agreement or as sub-project director on a competing multi-project award (see not-od-08-065). at the time the research grant is awarded the effort required on the k01 award may be reduced to no less than 6 person-months (50% full-time professional effort) at the grantee organization and replaced by effort from the research award so that the total level of research commitment remains at 9 person-months (75% full-time professional effort) or more for the duration of the k01 award. to be eligible for salary support from peer-reviewed research awards from any federal agency: the k01 award recipient must be the pd/pi (or one of the named pd/pis, if following the multiple-pd/pi model) on a competing nih research grant application (r01, r03, r15, r21, r34, or equivalent application from another federal agency) or a sub-project director on a competing multi-component research or center grant or cooperative agreement application (p01, p50, u01, etc. or an equivalent application from another federal agency). the k01 award must be active when the competing research grant application is submitted. the k01 award must be in its final two years before the reduction in effort to 6 person-months (50% full-time professional effort) is permitted. 2.a. allowable costs: salary: individual compensation is based on the institution's salary scale for individuals at an equivalent experience level. the maximum salary for recipients of nhlbi k01 career awards is $75,000 per year plus commensurate fringe benefits for full-time professional effort (i.e., 75% to 100%) (equivalent to 9 to 12 person months). the salary must be consistent with both the established salary structure at the institution and with salaries actually provided by the institution from its own funds to other staff members of equivalent qualifications, rank, and responsibilities in the department concerned. the nhlbi research career development award programs require the recipients to devote a minimum of 75% effort to the research plan being supported by the career development award; the remaining 25% effort should be devoted to research and research-related activities such as teaching, patient care, or other research-related activities. if 100% effort is to be devoted to the research program during the "summer months," the percent effort for the remainder of the year may be reduced provided that the effort over the course of the year is at least 75%. nih permits supplementation of salary from non-federal sources. research and development support: a maximum of $36,000 per year may be requested for research project requirements and related support (e.g., technical personnel costs, supplies, equipment, candidate travel, publication costs, and tuition and fees for necessary courses). if the mentor hosts the candidate supported by this program in their laboratories, a limited level of non-salary support (up to $6,000 per annum) may be requested to be used in support of research activities directly related to the research and career development needs of the candidate. if funds are to be transferred to the mentor's institution, arrangements for the transfer of funds and the conduct of activities should be formalized in a subcontract agreement with the mentor's institution. ancillary personnel support: salary for mentors, secretarial and administrative assistance, etc., is not allowed. facilities and administrative (f & a) costs: f & a costs will be provided at a rate of 8% of the total direct costs of each award, exclusive of tuition, fees, and equipment. the f & a cost rate on an agreement with the mentor's institution may not exceed 8%. nih grants policy: nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-CA-19-022,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new resubmission the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nci intends to fund an estimate of 2 awards, corresponding to a total of $900,000, for fiscal year 2020. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget direct costs are limited to $300,000 per year. application budgets need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the total project period request may not exceed 3 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-NS-18-042,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new resubmission revision the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards issuing ic and partner components intend to issue 8-10 awards in 2019. awards issued under this foa are part of funds set aside to support the heal (helping to end addiction long-term) initiative. award budget the combined budget for direct costs for the two-year project period may not exceed $275,000. no more than $200,000 may be requested in any single year. award project period the total project period may not exceed 2 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-NS-07-004,section ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity announcement (foa) will use the nih exploratory/developmental research grant r 21 award mechanism. the applicant will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see the modular applications and awards section of the nih grants policy statement . specifically, if you are submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs), use the phs398 modular budget component provided in the sf424 (r&r) application package and sf424 (r&r) application guide (see specifically section 5.4, modular budget component, of the application guide). applications from foreign (non-u.s.) institutions submitted via grants.gov using the sf 424 (r&r ) : follow the research & related budget component instructions. complete and submit the research & related budget forms. do not complete or submit the phs 398 modular budget component. exploratory/developmental grant support is for new projects only; competing renewal (formerly competing continuation ) applications will not be accepted. at this time, it is not known if this foa will be reissued. 2. funds available because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the institutes and centers (ics) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. the total project period for an application submitted in response to this funding opportunity may not exceed 2 years. although the size of award may vary with the scope of research proposed, it is expected that applications will stay within the budgetary guidelines for an exploratory/developmental project. direct costs are limited to $275,000 over a two-year period, with no more than $200,000 in direct costs allowed in any single year. applicants may request direct costs in $25,000 modules, up to the total direct costs limitation of $275,000 for the combined two-year award period. the ic(s) of the nih neuroscience blueprint intend to commit approximately $2,750,000 dollars in fy20 07 to fund 12-14 applications. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. f acilities and administrative (f &a ) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 , november 2, 2004.
RFA-AG-19-019,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. nia intends to commit $8.78 million in total costs in fy 2019, and $45 million in total costs over 5 years, to fund 1 award. award budget application budgets are limited to $5.5 million in direct costs in the first year. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-NS-16-005,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new resubmission the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the ninds intends to commit up to $1,200,000 in fy 2016 to fund approximately five awards. award budget projects must average no more than $175,000 per year direct cost (excluding consortium facilities and administrative costs). in any given year, up to $350,000 direct cost may be requested as long as the total direct costs requested for all years do not exceed $700,000. award project period support may be requested for up to four years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DK-11-501,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niddk and other components of participating organizations intend to commit to one award utilizing a special type 1 diabetes program appropriation for a total cost of $70 million in fiscal year 2011 for a period of five years. award budget the requested budget may vary across years and may not exceed $16,000,000 total costs per year for a maximum of $70,000,000 total costs over a five-year project period. award project period the total project period for an application submitted in response to this foa may not exceed five years.. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HL-18-007,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. nhlbi intends to fund up to five awards, corresponding to total costs up to $3,800,000 per year in fiscal years 2018 through 2021. award budget application budgets should reflect the actual needs of the proposed project and are limited to a maximum of $500,000 direct costs per year. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is up to 4 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AI-14-007,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niaid intends to commit $15.7 million in fy2015, which includes funding 4-5 awards as well as the infrastructure and opportunity fund. future year amounts may vary depending on annual appropriations. award budget application budgets are limited to $2,120,000 direct costs per year which includes a limit on the budget for the infrastructure and opportunity fund management core of $120,000 per year. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum period is five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HG-12-007,ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations, and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. nhgri intends to fund one award with a total cost not to exceed $400,000 for fiscal year 2013. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget $400,000 total costs per year in fy13-fy16. award project period the maximum period is 4 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-CA-08-022,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this foa will use the nih research project grant (r01) award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts (see sf424 (r&r) application guide ) . it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ) . specifically, a u.s. organization submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs) must use the phs398 modular budget component. u.s. applicants requesting more than $250,000 in annual direct costs and all foreign applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component. 2. funds available the nci intends to commit approximately $2.7 million annually over 5 years to this foa. the nci anticipates funding five to six awards. the direct requested costs must not exceed $500,000 per year over 5 years. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the nci provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-CA-20-006,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new resubmission applications from rfa-ca-19-001 (u01) are allowed. the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nci intends to commit approximately $5.0 million in fy 2020, contingent upon receiving scientifically meritorious applications. up to 5 awards are anticipated to result from this foa. award budget application budgets are limited to $600,000 in direct costs per year and need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-GM-09-011,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this foa will use the nih research project grant (r01) award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts (see sf424 (r&r) application guide ) . it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ) . specifically, a u.s. organization submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs) must use the phs398 modular budget component. applicants requesting more than $250,000 in annual direct costs must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component. 2. funds available nigms intends to commit approximately $2.4 million dollars (total costs) in fiscal year 2009 to fund 6-8 applications. the total project period for an application submitted in response to this funding opportunity may not exceed 4 years. the size of award will vary with the scope of the research proposed. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AA-08-001,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity announcement (foa) will use the nih exploratory/developmental grant (r21) award mechanism. the applicant will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see the modular applications and awards section of the nih grants policy statement . specifically, if you are submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs), use the phs398 modular budget component provided in the sf424 (r&r) application package and sf424 (r&r) application guide (see specifically section 5.4, modular budget component, of the application guide). all foreign applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component found in the application package for this foa. see not-od-06-096 , august 23, 2006. competing renewal (formerly competing continuation ) and resubmission applications will not be accepted under this foa . at this time, it is not known if this foa will be reissued. 2. funds available because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the institutes and centers (ics) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. the total project period for an application submitted in response to this funding opportunity may not exceed 2 years. although the size of award may vary with the scope of research proposed, it is expected that applications will stay within the budgetary guidelines for an exploratory/developmental project. direct costs are limited to $275,000 over a two-year period, with no more than $200,000 in direct costs allowed in any single year. applicants may request direct costs in $25,000 modules, up to the total direct costs limitation of $275,000 for the combined two-year award period. the participating organization(s) national institute on alcohol abuse and alcoholism intends to commit approximately $2 million dollars in fiscal year 20 08 to fund 6-8 applications. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. f acilities and administrative (f &a ) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 , november 2, 2004.
RFA-AG-09-006,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this foa will use the r01 award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts (see sf424 (r&r) application guide ) . it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ) . specifically, a u.s. organization submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs) must use the phs398 modular budget component. u.s. applicants requesting more than $250,000 in annual direct costs and all foreign applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component. 2. funds available the national institute on aging expects to fund 5-7 projects awarded as a result of this announcement in fiscal year 2009. nia expects to fund research projects of different sizes. $300,000 is the maximum allowable direct cost that may be requested in year one. an applicant may request a project period of up to 5 years. for applications proposing pilot phase or exploratory phase research, budgets must be limited to a maximum of three years and a total of $375,000 in direct costs over the entire project period. for such projects, it is expected that direct costs in year one will range from approximately $75,000 $125,000. applicants should clearly identify their projects as exploratory in the abstract and specific aims. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of nia provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DE-08-009,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity announcement (foa) will use the r21 award mechanism. the applicant will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see the modular applications and awards section of the nih grants policy statement . specifically, if you are submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs), use the phs398 modular budget component provided in the sf424 (r&r) application package and sf424 (r&r) application guide (see specifically section 5.4, modular budget component, of the application guide). all foreign applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component found in the application package for this foa. see not-od-06-096 , august 23, 2006. renewal (formerly competing continuation ) applications will not be accepted for applications funded via this foa. however, applications funded via this foa may serve as the foundation of new applications, extending the work started in the r21 phase. 2. funds available because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the institutes and centers (ics) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. the total project period for an application submitted in response to this funding opportunity may not exceed 2 years. although the size of award may vary with the scope of research proposed, it is expected that applications will stay within the budgetary guidelines for an exploratory/developmental project. direct costs are limited to $275,000 over a two-year period, with no more than $200,000 in direct costs allowed in any single year. applicants may request direct costs in $25,000 modules, up to the total direct costs limitation of $275,000 for the combined two-year award period. the participating organization(s) nidcr intends to commit approximately 1.4 million dollars (total costs) in fy2009 to fund 4-6 applications. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 , november 2, 2004. section
RFA-HD-06-011,section ii. award information 1. mechanism(s) of support this rfa will use the national institutes of health (nih) mentored clinical scientist development program (k12) award mechanism. as an applicant, you will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this funding opportunity uses the just-in-time budget concepts. it also uses the non-modular budget format described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). a detailed categorical budget for the "initial budget period" and the "entire proposed period of support" is to be submitted with the application. 2. funds available nichd intends to commit approximately $2.6 million in total costs [direct plus facilities and administrative (f & a) costs] in fy 2007 to fund up to six new and/or competing continuation grants in response to this rfa. applicants may request a project period of up to five years and a budget of up to $400,000 for direct costs per year. it is not required that applications request the allowable budgetary maximum. small size is not a disadvantage for chrcda funding. because the nature and scope of the new projects may vary, it is anticipated that the size of awards also will vary. f&a costs on k12 awards are limited to eight percent of modified total direct costs. although the financial plans of nichd anticipate support for this program, awards pursuant to this rfa are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications.
RFA-DK-19-002,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new renewal resubmission to rfa-dk-16-006 the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the niddk will commit up to $5,600,000 in fy 2020 to fund up to five awards and up to $4,500,000 in fy 2021 to fund up to four awards. award budget application budgets are limited to $750,000 direct costs but need to reflect actual needs of the proposed center. this budget limit is exclusive of f&a costs for consortium and subcontract arrangements. it is anticipated that the award budget will be directly correlated to the breadth, quality, and relevance to nutrition/obesity and related areas of the research base being served by the center. within the direct cost cap, up to $150,000 may be requested for the pilot and feasibility program. award project period the total project period for an application submitted in response to this funding opportunity may not exceed five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-CA-13-018,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new. the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. for the group of pqs covered by this foa (group b), the nci intends to fund approximately four to six r01 awards per receipt date, corresponding to a total of up to $2-3 million, for the first submission round (2014) and a similar amount for the second (2015). future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget application budgets are not limited, but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the total project period may not exceed 4 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-RM-12-003,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards issuing ic and partner components intend to commit for the uh2 (phase i) period an estimated total of $800,000 over two years. in each year of funding, $400,000 total costs will be available for up to 4 feasibility study grants. for the uh3 (phase ii), up to $16 million total costs for five years beyond the feasibility phase will be available to support up to three full-scale biorepositories. award budget budgets for the phase i period are limited to $115,000 in direct costs for each year and for the phase ii period are limited to $1.38 million in direct costs. award project period the maximum period of funding for the entire uh/uh3 application is seven years. submitting budgets with more than 5 budget periods when authorized or requested by the appropriate nih ic, applicants may submit applications with more than 5 budget periods. in these situations complete the detailed budget for periods 1-5 as usual. however, include the same level of detail for period 6 in the budget justification along with an explanation of the situation. also, be sure to include a cover letter that addresses these phs sf424 (r&r) adobe forms version b application guide part i: instructions for preparing and submitting an application i-88 extra budget periods, and include the ic program officials preapproval as part of the cover letter pdf. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-RM-12-025,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the common fund intends to commit $1.25 million dollars in fy 2013 to fund 6 to 8 k01 awards contingent upon receiving scientifically meritorious applications. the total amount of funds available for these awards is approximately $5 million for fy2013-2016. award budget award budgets are composed of salary and other program-related expenses, as described below. award project period the total project period may not exceed 4 years. other award budget information salary nih will contribute up to $75,000 direct cost per year toward the salary of the career award recipient. it will also provide fringe benefits. award recipients are required to commit 9 person months (equivalent to 75% full-time professional effort) to activities supported by this award. the total salary requested must be based on a full-time staff appointment. the salary must be consistent both with the established salary structure at the institution and with salaries actually provided by the institution from its own funds to other staff members of equivalent qualifications, rank, and responsibilities in the department concerned. the sponsoring institution may supplement the nih salary contribution up to a level that is consistent with the institution's salary scale. however, supplementation may not be from federal funds unless specifically authorized by the federal program from which such funds are derived. in no case may phs funds be used for salary supplementation. institutional supplementation of salary must not require extra duties or responsibilities that would interfere with the purpose of the career award. other program-related expenses nih will contribute $50,000 direct cost per year toward the research development costs of the award recipient, which must be justified and consistent with the stage of development of the candidate and the proportion of time to be spent in research or career development activities. attendance at the annual common fund meeting is expected. applicants may budget travel expenses as part of the $50,000 research development costs. salary for mentors, secretarial and administrative assistants, etc. is not allowed. indirect costs indirect costs (also known as facilities & administrative [f&a] costs) are reimbursed at 8% of modified total direct costs. nih grant policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-NS-10-001,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity will use the nih specialized centers (p50) award mechanism , which is designed to support a high-impact spectrum of basic, translational and clinical research activities using an integrated, multidisciplinary approach to improve understanding of and treatment for parkinsons disease. moreover, the pace of discovery in a center is accelerated by integral resource cores that are essential to support advancement of one or more of the proposed research projects. investigators seeking funding for other multi-project research proposals focused on a common research theme, including basic neurobiological mechanisms underlying neurological disorders, should utilize other multiple-investigator grant mechanisms; such applications will not be accepted under this foa. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses non-modular budget formats described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). 2. funds available the estimated amount of funds available for support of 4 projects awarded as a result of this announcement is $ 9,000,000 for fiscal year 20 10 . future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation, see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. section
RFA-MH-09-100,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this foa will use the nih research project grant (r01) award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts (see sf424 (r&r) application guide ) . it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ) . specifically, a u.s. organization submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs) must use the phs398 modular budget component. 2. funds available the nimh intends to commit $5,000,000 in total costs to fund up to 6 new grants in fy 2009. an applicant may request a project period of up to five years and budget for direct costs up to $1.625 million with no more than $400,000 in any single year. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AG-19-020,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? required: only accepting applications that propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. nia intends to commit up to $2.8 million in direct costs in fy 2019 to fund one award. across the seven-year project period, issuing ic and partner components intend to commit an estimated $38.8 million in direct costs to fund one award. award budget application budgets cannot exceed $38.8 million in direct costs across seven years and need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the maximum project period is seven years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-HG-17-009,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nhgri intends to commit up to $2m direct costs in fy18 to support two related foas establishing enhanced diversity clinical groups, (this foa) and clinical groups (rfa-hg-17-008). we expect that 2-3 awards will be supported under this rfa and 2-3 awards under rfa-hg-17-008. award budget application budgets are limited to $250,000 direct costs for year 1 for base level personnel and infrastructure support and $760,000 direct costs per year for years 2 through 5 to support base level personnel and infrastructure plus the cgs share of the proposed pragmatic clinical trial. award project period the project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DK-18-505,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed renewal applications only for the awards supported under rfa-dk-13-503 the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? required: only accepting applications that propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the niddk plans to commit $5 million dollars in fy 2019 to support two related approaches to the continuation of the nonalcoholic steatohepatitis clinical research network (nash crn), as embodied in rfa-dk-18-505 , and rfa-dk-18-506 . it is expected that up to 9 awards will be supported in fy 2019 in total under these two rfas. the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. award budget initial awards will be up to $2 million direct costs per year. based on project data provided in the annual rppr, some awards may be adjusted (e.g., reduced or increased above the initial budget threshold) to accommodate recruitment and other scientific and patient care needs associated with the networks operations and approved aims. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-CA-21-041,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials. need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the nci intends to commit $5.94m in fy 2022 to fund up to 6 awards. future year amounts are anticipated to be at the same levels but will ultimately depend on annual appropriations. award budget application budgets for each u01 may not exceed $600k in direct costs per year and need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period applicants may request up to 5 years of support. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-AG-20-040,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. nia intends to commit $2 million in fy 2020 to fund 2-3 awards. award budget applications may request no more than $600,000 in direct costs in any one year. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-CA-10-001,section ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this foa will use the r21 exploratory/development grant award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts (see sf424 (r&r) application guide ) . it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ) . specifically, a u.s. organization submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs) must use the phs398 modular budget component. u.s. applicants requesting more than $250,000 in annual direct costs and all foreign applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component. 2. funds available the nci intends to commit approximately $1.5 million annually over 2 years to this foa. the nci anticipates funding up to seven awards. direct costs are limited to $275,000 over an r21 2-year period, with no more than $200,000 in direct costs allowed in any single year. the total project period for an application submitted in response to this foa may not exceed 2 years. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the nci provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AG-14-014,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new resubmissions from rfa-ag-12-004 and rfa-ag-13-012 the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the national institute on aging and the national institute of neurological disorders and stroke intend (in combination) to commit approximately $1 million in fy 2014 to support 5 to 7 awards. the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations, and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. award budget award budgets are composed of salary and other program-related expenses, as described below. award project period awards will be made for three, four or five years. (note considerations in part ii, section i.2. program, above.) other award budget information salary applicants may seek up to $200,000 (direct costs) per year. direct costs requested across all years may be no more than $600,000 for three year awards; $700,000 for four year awards; and $800,000 for five year awards. the total salary requested must be based on a full-time staff appointment. the salary must be consistent both with the established salary structure at the institution and with salaries actually provided by the institution from its own funds to other staff members of equivalent qualifications, rank, and responsibilities in the department concerned. the sponsoring institution may supplement the nih salary contribution up to a level that is consistent with the institution's salary scale. however, supplementation may not be from federal funds unless specifically authorized by the federal program from which such funds are derived. in no case may phs funds be used for salary supplementation. institutional supplementation of salary must not require extra duties or responsibilities that would interfere with the purpose of the career award. other program-related expenses nih will contribute up to $200,000 per year towards the award. candidates may propose a budget appropriate to the research and related needs (e.g., travel to one of the annual beeson meetings) within this limit. salary for mentors, secretarial and administrative assistants, etc. is not allowed. indirect costs indirect costs (also known as facilities & administrative [f&a] costs) are reimbursed at 8% of modified total direct costs. nih grant policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-NS-16-021,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards ninds intends to commit up to $1,300,000 in fy 2016 to fund up to 3-4 awards. award budget application budgets are limited to up to $500,000 direct costs per year, and should reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DK-11-015,ii. center structure and activities the niddk diabetes research centers are part of an integrated program of research support designed to enhance multidisciplinary cutting-edge research in diabetes and in related areas of endocrinology and metabolism. diabetes research centers are intended to improve the efficiency and collaborative nature of diabetes research by providing shared access to specialized technical resources and expertise. in addition, centers enhance translational research by providing a framework for fostering synergy between basic scientists and clinical investigators, with the goal of promoting rapid progress toward a treatment or cure for diabetes and its complications. diabetes research centers support three primary research-related activities: (1) research core services that provide resources to enhance the efficiency, productivity, and multidisciplinary nature of research in designated topic areas; (2) a pilot and feasibility program designed to foster the development of new investigators and to provide seed-support for innovative high-risk projects; and (3) an enrichment program to promote interdisciplinary interaction and training of investigators in areas of niddk interest. institution and research base a diabetes research center must be an identifiable unit within a single institution such as a university medical center, or within a consortium of cooperating institutions. in either case, diabetes center applications must be associated with an existing program of excellence in biomedical research in diabetes and in related areas of metabolism and endocrinology. program excellence is measured through a consistent and outstanding record of productivity and peer-reviewed research funding in diabetes and related research areas. a high level of integration and close collaboration among center personnel from diverse scientific disciplines is an important feature of a successful diabetes research center. accordingly, the applicant should clearly state considerations for center membership with specific reference to the potential of members to form interactive, collaborative and synergistic relationships. center applicants should identify one or more central themes or focus areas that link center investigators and their research programs. diabetes research often requires the use of specialized technologies and resources to support a cohesive research effort. the goal of the diabetes research center program is to make state-of-the art technologies and resources readily accessible to a broad spectrum of investigators who are pursuing studies in relevant topic areas. administrative core diabetes research center applications must include an administrative core that will be responsible for allocation and oversight of center resources. the administrative core will also be responsible for planning an enrichment program and for implementing a process for solicitation, review and selection of projects for the pilot and feasibility program within the center. in addition, all diabetes research centers will be required to maintain a center website, with the administrative core taking primary responsibility for its curation and oversight, as well as for ensuring proper and seamless integration of the center website with the niddk center program website. the core center director should provide at least 1.2 person months (calendar year) effort on the administrative core and a total of 2.4 person months (calendar year) effort distributed among the administrative and other components of the center. one or more associate directors should be named who will be involved in the administrative, scientific, or training efforts of the center and who will serve as acting center director in the absence of the director. a process must be in place that would be used to recommend a successor to the director, if needed. an administrative assistant may also be proposed. biomedical resource cores diabetes research centers are designed around research cores that provide shared, specialized technical resources and/or expertise that enhance the efficiency, productivity, and multidisciplinary nature of research performed by center-affiliated investigators. in a diabetes research center, cores are intended to facilitate basic, clinical and translational research in diabetes, endocrinology and metabolic diseases in order to accomplish the stated goals of the individual center and of the niddk centers program. each research core should provide state-of-the art services to multiple funded research projects. a center may support research at a single or set of cooperating institutions through an institutional core. in addition, diabetes center applicants may propose to share core services or functions with other centers in the diabetes center program in order to expand, enhance, or increase the cost-effectiveness of research activities at the center institution. examples of biomedical cores that would be considered responsive to this request for applications include, but are not limited to: genetics/genomics (including epigenetics) proteomics metabolomics islet isolation and function transgenic and es-cell technology protein chemistry and macromolecular structure analytical biochemistry integrative physiology imaging translational research (bench to bedside; bedside to community/practice) clinical research bioinformatics biostatistics these cores are not listed in any particular order, nor do they represent a comprehensive list of possibilities. in responding to this foa, applicants are encouraged to propose cores that address specific objectives based on the unique requirements of investigators at the applicant institutions. particular emphasis should be placed on services that support and foster interdisciplinary, integrated and translational approaches to research in diabetes center topic areas. preference will be given to core support services that are not readily available or cost-effective when supplied from commercial sources, and techniques or technologies that may be technically challenging or require specialized expertise, equipment or infrastructure. proposed diabetes center research cores may be an institutional shared research core. in such cases, the research core support provided by the diabetes center should be proportional to the use of the institutional research core by diabetes research center members. as with other research cores, details about access and prioritization of center members to the shared research core(s) should be provided. moreover, the applicant should document that the diabetes center will be in a position to have some input to, and oversight of, the shared institutional core with respect to its management, planning for future changes and improvements, etc. the need for core support from the diabetes research center must be well justified, with clear documentation of a broad user base of niddk-funded investigators pursuing research activities in center topic areas, as well as diabetes investigators with other sources of peer-reviewed support. participants in the diabetes center program are encouraged to become fully integrated into, and synergistic with, other niddk- and nih-funded core centers within their institutional setting. this includes the clinical research homes being established by the clinical and translational science awards supported by the national institutes of health ( http://ctsaweb.org/ ) and other related nih roadmap activities, and any related niddk-funded center programs such as the nutrition obesity research center (norc) program http://www3.niddk.nih.gov/centers/norc.shtml ) and the centers for diabetes translation research (cdtr; http://grants.nih.gov/grants/guide/rfa-files/rfa-dk-10-009.html ). applicants should provide information on other programs supporting related resources at their institution and describe the nature of synergy and integration between the diabetes research center and these other activities. applicants must also clearly describe how duplication or redundancies of effort, services and resources will be avoided. pilot and feasibility program the diabetes research center pilot and feasibility (p&f) program provides seed support for new and innovative research projects directed at basic biomedical, clinical and translational research questions relevant to diabetes and its complications. typically at least 20-25% of the center direct costs, exclusive of equipment, should be for support of p&f projects. funding and duration of support: it is anticipated that up to $50,000 in direct costs per year for up to two years will be provided for the majority of approved p&f projects. however, a limited number of applications may be selected for support as enhanced p&f awards with prior niddk approval. enhanced p&f awards require prior approval from niddk and will be selected from worthy proposals in the following three project categories: clinical and translational research awards, clinical and basic research innovative partnership awards, or technology research and development awards. these enhanced awards may be funded at up to $100,000 direct costs per year and for up to 2 years. efforts to increase the number of p&f awards and availability of funds for the program through the use of program income or alternative funding sources are particularly encouraged. eligibility: the p&f program is particularly directed at new investigators and established investigators new to diabetes research. established diabetes investigators pursuing high impact/high risk projects or projects that are a significant departure from their usual work are also eligible for support under the diabetes research center p&f program. p&f programs may also be structured to provide support for establishing interdisciplinary collaborations and to help forge new partnerships between basic scientists and clinical researchers. while the distribution of p&f funds to be used in each award category is ultimately at the discretion of the center p&f committee, it is expected that the center p&f program will, where possible, place particular emphasis on funding innovative clinical and translational research projects. named new investigator [optional] each diabetes research center may provide salary support for a p&f project recipient whom they designate a named new investigator. support for this individual is generally for 2 years, and cannot exceed $90,000 per year, additional appropriate fringe benefits, and 9.0 to 12.0 calendar months effort. these funds are included in the administrative core budget, and the initial named new investigator should be clearly identified in the application. the individual selected should be a new investigator who meets the p&f project eligibility criteria and is a permanent resident or us citizen. individuals are eligible only once for this support. subsequent candidates for this position are nominated by the center and reviewed by its external advisory board. appointment of the named new investigator is contingent upon the concurrence of the external advisory board and the niddk program director. enrichment program the diabetes research center enrichment program should be designed to advance translational research in diabetes, endocrinology and metabolism and promote scientific exchange among investigators with research interests in these topic areas, and to enhance interactions between diabetes researchers and investigators from other fields with relevant expertise. the enrichment program can support activities such as seminars, guest speakers, visiting scientists, consultants, and workshops. applicants should describe any training opportunities afforded by the diabetes research center for center participants, and document ways the center may facilitate, enhance or foster the institutional training environment. specifically, center applicants should provide information on related niddk t32 training programs at the center institution(s), and describe how the diabetes center will help to integrate, facilitate and enhance activities of t32-supported trainees. a letter from the pd/pi of any related niddk-funded t32 at the center institution should be included that acknowledges and details how the pd/pi of the t32 intends to promote cohesive interactions between the two programs. training postdoctoral fellows to conduct research in diabetes is an associated activity of a diabetes research center. while stipends for fellows cannot be funded from the center, the establishment of a center should provide an enhanced environment for research training. just as in the case of funding for individual research projects, funding for fellowships should be sought from nih nrsa institutional training grants (e.g. t32, t35) and individual fellowships (e.g. f30, f32), and other sources such as private foundations, and commercial companies.
RFA-HL-12-026,ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the phs398 application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations, and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. up to six (6) rccs will be funded by this award the total amount of funding (direct and indirect costs) that will be available through this and the companion announcement ( rfa-hl-12-025 ) is up to $63 million over a seven-year period to support the cctrn. award budget each rcc may request direct costs up to $300,000, not including f&a for first tier consortia. rccs will be provided additional funds to support satellite centers contributing patients to network studies. rccs may propose training programs for scientists and/or nurse coordinators that will be supported by the network. funding for core laboratories (imaging, echocardiology, etc.) and biorepositories, and protocol reimbursement will be administered separately by the dcc. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award project period the total project period for an application submitted in response to this funding opportunity may not exceed seven years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DA-19-018,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? required: only accepting applications that propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nida intends to commit $500,000 per year and intends to fund an estimate of 2 awards, corresponding to a total of $1,000,000.00, for the fiscal year 2019. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget application budgets are limited to $500,000 per year per each award in direct costs. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-ES-19-002,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards niehs intends to commit $1,000,000 in fy2020 to fund 4 awards. award budget application budgets are limited to $150,000 direct costs per year. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 2 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-HD-09-013,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity will use the resource-related research projects ( r24) grant award mechanism(s). the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses non-modular budget formats described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). 2. funds available the estimated amount of funds available for support of 4-6 projects awarded as a result of this announcement is $6.05 million for fiscal year 2010 . future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. section
RFA-HL-21-015,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the nhlbi intends to commit up to $1,232,000 for up to 4 new awards in fy2021. award budget application budgets may request up to $200,000 in direct costs per year (excluding consortium f&a) in fy2021 through fy2025 and need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the maximum project period is five years. the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-DA-08-022,section ii. award information 1. mechanism(s) of support this funding opportunity will use the nih p20 award mechanism, which provides support for developing collaborative teams of high caliber investigators using diverse scientific approaches to the investigation of a highly focused research problem. applicants may request support for only one period of up to four years; direct costs requested may not exceed $600,000 in any one year. as an applicant, you will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this funding opportunity uses the just-in-time budget concepts. it also uses the non-modular budget format described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). a detailed categorical budget for the "initial budget period" and the "entire proposed period of support" is to be submitted with the application. 2. funds available nida intends to commit approximately $2,500,000 in fy 2008 to fund 2 to 3 new grants in response to this rfa. an applicant may request a project period of up to 4 years and a budget for direct costs of up to $600,000 per year. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of nida provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this rfa are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the nida provides support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation, see not-od-05-004 .
RFA-GM-12-003,section ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the phs398 application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nigms intends to fund an estimate of 3 to 5 awards, corresponding to a total of $20,000,000 for fiscal year 2012 awards issued under this foa are contingent upon the availability of funds and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. award budget application budgets are limited for direct costs including equipment and collaborative development program costs up to 3.2 million dollars per year, and for total costs including facilities and administrative costs (f&a)/indirect costs up to 4.7 million dollars per year. award project period the maximum period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-MH-18-700,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new resubmission from rfa-mh-16-415 , rfa-mh-17-610 and rfa-mh-18-70revision rfa-mh-16-415 , rfa-mh-17-610 and rfa-mh-18-700 the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? required: only accepting applications that propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nimh intends to commit $18 million in direct costs for fy 2018 to fund this foa and the companion foas listed in part 1. overview information . award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years; however, applicants are strongly encouraged to propose a project period of 3 or 4 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-CA-14-011,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nci intends to commit $500,000 in fy 2015 to fund one award. award budget application budgets are limited to $300,000 in direct cost per year reflecting the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the project period is limited to 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-RM-10-019,section ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the total amount of funds available for these awards is approximately $4,000,000, in fy 2011, contingent upon receiving scientifically meritorious proposals. 10 awards are anticipated from this solicitation. award budget awards will be for up to $250,000 in direct costs each year for five years, plus applicable facilities and administrative (f&a) costs to be determined at the time of award. award project period 5 years nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. section
RFA-HL-18-005,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the nhlbi intends to commit total costs of $1,650,000 per year in fiscal years 2018 through 2021 to support up to 3 awards. award budget application budgets may not exceed direct costs of $350,000 per year in fiscal years 2018 through 2021. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is up to 4 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-RM-12-008,ii. to meet the proposed schedule and to determine whether the questions of feasibility and capability have been adequately addressed, nih will conduct an administrative review during the second year of the uh2 phase i study period. substantial progress will need to be demonstrated in order to be considered for scale-up to a phase ii award at the time of the administrative review that will be conducted by the h3africa staff and nih advisory councils, according to standard nih processes for administrative reviews. the decisions about continued support for phase ii will be based on the accomplishments and progress made in phase i, and the quality of the updated plans for fully implementing an international repository, which were developed in phase i and incorporated into the year 2 progress report. beyond attaining or exceeding the awardees stated milestones for the phase i period, the successful phase ii continuations will be those that are judged to have produced data to demonstrate the feasibility of establishing and sustaining a biorepository at their site, have the most insight into and experience overcoming the challenges of sustaining a biorepository in africa and have demonstrated a working relationship with the other h3 africa biorepository(ies) and h3africa consortium projects. while this foa indicates that the uh2 phase study will be followed by a uh3 phase ii scale-up after an administrative review, applicants should understand that the phase ii scale-up will occur only if the administrative review recommends that the phase i effort has been successful and that the phase ii scale-up can proceed with relative confidence of success. the administrative review recommendations must be endorsed by an appropriate nih council before the common fund will release funds for the phase ii award. objectives the purpose of this foa is to solicit combined applications for the uh2 phase i study and the uh3 phase ii scaled-up biorepository. uh2 phase i study: the objectives of the h3africa biorepository initial two-year uh2 phase i study are to develop a plan that will lay the foundation for establishing a biorepository to serve initially the h3africa consortium (see http://www.h3africa.org/ ) and to demonstrate the applicants ability to accomplish the activities that will be necessary for providing a full-scale h3africa biorepository in the uh3 phase ii. the grant application should include a description of the following for uh2 phase i: the vision for the full-scale (phase ii) biorepository, in terms of the services that will be provided and the infrastructure and capabilities that will be necessary to provide them, that the applicant will be working toward during phase i; how the applicant plans to utilize and improve the existing infrastructure at the institution, in terms of facilities, equipment, software, personnel, and scientific networking, as well as institutional and national commitment to the biorepository; how the expertise for development of sample receipt, handling, storage and distribution to the investigators within the h3africa consortium will be accomplished; the problems and obstacles that are anticipated in order to meet the challenge of serving as a biorepository to multiple investigators from multiple institutions in multiple african nations within the h3africa consortium, and how the applicant will create or take advantage of forward-looking solutions to solve those problems and overcome those obstacles; the plan during the phase i period to test or demonstrate the validity of the proposed approaches, e.g., receipt and distribution of samples within africa, and; the training in biorepository management and sciences to meet the needs of the full-scale h3africa biorepository, and subsequently enhance the expertise of african scientists in the field of genomics and/or laboratory science. uh3 phase ii scale-up: for phase ii, the grant application should address how the implementation of the biorepository will build on the plan and data generated during phase i; and how the services of the biorepository may eventually be expanded (although not necessarily within the six-year period of this award; see sustainability section) beyond the h3africa investigators to investigators elsewhere in africa and abroad. in summary: this foa calls for applications to propose a two-stage plan for an h3africa biorepository, including a two-year uh2 phase i study to develop a plan that will lay the foundation of an h3africa biorepository, and a phase ii plan to implement a scaled-up biorepository that will serve the needs of the h3africa consortium. (see http://www.h3africa.org/ ). the objectives of the phase i and ii h3africa biorepository application should describe: the plan for the full-scale biorepository that the applicant will be working toward; how the applicant plans to utilize and improve the existing infrastructure; the development of expert services for staffing the repository; solutions to anticipated problems and obstacles in order to build a repository in africa; efforts during the uh2 study phase to test or demonstrate the validity of the proposed approaches; staff training in biorepository management and science to meet the needs of biorepository. in the uh3 stage of the award, the successful project(s) will apply the proposed credible biorepository plan, approaches and tools from the uh2 phase i to the uh3 phase ii scale up. the criteria that will be used to determine which of the phase i projects will be continued into phase ii will include: successful achievement of the defined milestones for the phase i period of the project potential for meeting the goals of the initiative to establish a large-scale h3africa biorepository concrete and encouraging results and accomplishments of the feasibility activities in phase i the availability of funds h3africa program priorities and balance the h3africa biorepository application must clearly describe the objectives and plans for both the two-year phase i (supported by the uh2 mechanism, 12 page research strategy) and the four-year biorepository scale-up phase ii (supported by the continuation uh3 mechanism, 12 page research strategy). section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement application types allowed new resubmission the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the nih common fund intends to commit for the uh2 (phase i) period an estimated total of $400,000 over two years for 1 to 2 uh2 grants. for the uh3 (phase ii), up to $16 million total costs for four years beyond the uh2 phase i phase will be available to support up to three full-scale biorepositories. funding per year will vary depending upon the number of biorepositories funded. . award budget up to $125,000 total costs per year for the first two years, is allowed for phase i. if only one phase i grant is awarded, the award will be adjusted. for the phase ii period the budget is limited to $2 million total costs in fy15 and $1.7 million total costs in fy16-18. the phase ii budget should be for four years total. as in the phase i grant, the amount per award per year will be adjusted depending on the number of phase ii applications awarded. a six year budget that includes both phase i and phase ii is required for the application. award project period the maximum period of funding for the entire uh/uh3 application is six years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HL-19-007,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nhlbi and partner icsintend to commit an estimated total of $3.61 million to fund one award in fy 2019: nci, $1.1 million nhlbi, $0.56 million nidcr, $0.05 million ninds, $0.05 million niaid, $0.252 million nichd, $0.101 million nia, $0.261 million nimh, $0.31 million nida, $0.202 million ninr, $0.019 million nhgri, $0.056 million nimhd, $0.649 million award budget application budgets may not exceed direct costs of $2.2 million per year in fiscal years 2019 through 2025 to support research infrastructure. budgets should be commensurate with the scope and complexity of the program. award project period the maximum project period is seven years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-ES-12-001,section ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the phs398 application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niehs and epa intend to fund an estimate of 7 awards, corresponding to a total of approximately $12 million per year combined from both agencies, including direct and facilities and administrative (f&a) costs, annually for 5 years beginning in fiscal year 2013. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. epa and niehs plan to concurrently fund centers with funding shared by epa and niehs and managed by both epa and niehs. if a center is concurrently funded, the center will be supported by two awards: one which provides the epa portion of the budget, and a companion award which provides the niehs portion of the budget. there may be an opportunity for a center to be funded by only one agency related to mission priorities or program needs, in which case the center will receive one award by the funding agency. in appropriate circumstances, epa and niehs reserve the right to partially fund applications by funding discrete portions or phases of proposed projects. if epa and niehs decide to partially fund a application, they will do so in a manner that does not prejudice any applicants or affect the basis upon which the application, or portion thereof, was evaluated and selected for award, and therefore maintains the integrity of the competition and selection process. both niehs and epa reserve the right to reject all applications and make no awards, or make fewer awards than anticipated, or to make additional awards consistent with the policies of the agencies, if additional funding becomes available after the original selections are made. any additional selections for awards will be made no later than six months after the original selection decisions. award budget for each center, application budgets are limited to $1 million per year direct costs for up to 5 years or up to $1.2 million per year direct costs for up to five years if the optional project 4 is included. budgets need to reflect actual needs of the proposed projects. funding in subsequent years is contingent upon satisfactory progress during the preceding year and availability of funds. award project period the total project period for an application submitted in response to this funding opportunity may not exceed 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement and the grants compliance and oversight ( http://grants.nih.gov/grants/compliance/compliance.htm ) section will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HL-11-036,ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed revision the oer glossary and the phs398 application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the award is contingent upon nih appropriations, and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. award budget application budgets are not limited, but need to reflect actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the maximum period of support is limited by the time remaining on the parent award and may be no more than five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AA-19-006,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards niaaa intends to commit $2.5 million in fy 2019 to fund 6 awards. award budget application budgets need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. the budgets are limited to $250,000 direct costs annually for animal studies and $ 350,000 for human studies. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-AI-16-027,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the niaid-division of allergy, immunology and transplantation (dait) intends to commit $3 million in fy 2017 to fund 2-3 awards. award budget application budgets are limited to $600,000 direct cost per year and need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AR-13-010,section ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new resubmission revision the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the niams intends to commit approximately $1.5 million total costs in fy2013 to support a total of four to six new awards combined from the two companion foas for r01s (rfa-ar-13-010) and r21s ( rfa-ar-13-011 ). awards issued under this foa are contingent upon the availability of funds and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. award budget budgets for direct costs of up to $250,000 per year and a project duration for up to four years may be requested. award project period a duration for up to four years may be requested. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AI-14-012,ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the following nih components intend to commit the following amounts in fy 2015: niaid $3.0 million and ninds $400,000 in direct costs, to fund 4-7 u01 and/or u19 awards award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the total project period requested for this foa may not exceed five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-MH-12-061,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the participating ics intend to commit the following amounts in fy 2012 for this foa and the companion r01 foa: nimh intends to commit up to $2,000,000 to fund up to 4 awards nida intends to commit up to $500,000 to fund up to 2 awards an award issued under this foa is contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. award budget direct costs are limited to $450,000 over the r34 project period, with no more than $225,000 in direct costs allowed in any single year. award project period the total project period may not exceed 3 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AA-20-004,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new renewal (from rfa-aa-15-005 ) the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards niaaa intends to commit a combined $4.2 m in fy 2020 to fund 8 awards to applications responding to this foa, and companion foas, rfa-aa-20-003 and rfa-aa-20-005. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-DK-13-025,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the niddk intends to commit up to $700,000 total costs in fiscal year 2014 to support 2-3 new mapp research network discovery sites through this foa. award budget applications for new discovery sites may request budgets up to $250,000 in total costs per year. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AI-11-032,ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niaid intends to commit $4 million in total costs to fund fifteen to twenty applications in fy 2012. award budget support for the r21 phase cannot exceed two years and total direct costs are limited to $275,000 over the r21 two-year period, with a maximum of $200,000 in direct costs allowed in any single year. the r33 award phase is limited to $300,000 in direct costs per year and cannot exceed three years. the niaid anticipates that a maximum of fifty percent (50%) of the funded r21 phase awards will progress to the r33 award. award project period the total project period for an application submitted in response to this foa cannot exceed five years. awards will support milestone-driven exploratory/feasibility proof-of-concept studies (two-year r21 phase), with possible rapid transition to expanded development (three-year r33 phase). nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-ES-06-001,section ii. this section is unique to the p50 application. the information covered in this section for the most part, is not covered in the phs 398. the page limit for this section is 15 pages. this section includes: program introduction and statement of objectives . describe the major theme of the center, its goals and objectives, background information and the overall importance of the research to the mission of the niehs. this should include the disease of study and the overall hypotheses to be tested. a successful discover grant application will include a well-integrated research plan. the program should be viewed as a group of interrelated research projects, each of which is not only individually scientifically meritorious but is also complementary to the other projects, and related to the overall theme developed for the center. describe the rationale for the total proposed program. explain the strategy for achieving the goals defined for the overall program and how each research project and core relates to that strategy. in addition, describe how environmental exposure(s) will be used to advance the goals of the center which might include understanding of the basic pathophysiology of disease, identifying diagnostic and intervention strategies, etc. describe in detail the plans to ensure that the findings of the research efforts are rapidly transferred into the development of improved clinical/public health practice. indicate and describe any collaborative arrangements between investigators in the group and the anticipated unique advantages that would be gained by the interdisciplinary approach proposed for the research being conducted by the discover center. explain how different components of the organization, including key personnel, will interact, why they are essential to accomplishing the overall goal of the research, and how combined resources create capabilities that are more than the sum of the parts. very clear evidence that the key personnel will collaborate effectively must be presented in the application. organizational and administrative structure describe in detail and by diagram, if appropriate, the organizational structure of the program including an administrative and management plan that achieve an integrated, coordinated interdisciplinary research program. a diagram may be useful in demonstrating the interactions between the different program units. in broad terms describe how the administrative core supports the goals and organization of the program. include a discussion of the function of advisory groups (both internal and external) used in the capacity of advisors and overseers of quality control. identify the expertise needed but do not identify by name the external consultants serving on advisory groups. describe the role of the director, lead physician-scientist and the investigators responsible for the direction of the research projects and core units. the director of the overall discover center is called the principal investigator; the leaders of the individual projects are referred to as project leaders. indicate where, in the chain of responsibility, advisory groups (internal and external consultants) would be used. describe in detail how the director and lead physician-scientist will act to ensure integration and clinical focus among the proposed research projects. describe the relationships between the proposed discover center and other existing research, academic, and administrative units of the applicant institution such as schools, centers, institutions, departments, and central administration.
RFA-GM-16-003,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nigms intends to commit at least $26 million in fy 2016 to fund up to 70 awards. award budget applications may request up to $250,000 direct costs per year. investigators are encouraged to request what is actually well justified for their research program. cost efficiency is one of the goals of the mira program and will be one of the considerations in funding decisions. award project period applications may request a maximum project period of five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DK-15-021,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niddk intends to commit approximately $2,000,000 in fy 2016 to fund 2 awards. although the financial plans of the niddk provide support for this program, awards are contingent upon nih appropriations, the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications and continued availability of funds. award budget awards are not expected to exceed $650,000 direct costs. in general, application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DK-14-510,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the nih plans to commit $7 million dollars in fy15 to support three related approaches to the continuation of the hepatitis b research network, as embodied in rfa-dk-14-506, rfa-dk-14-509 and rfa-dk-14-510. we anticipate that the average size of a data coordination center award will be approximately $2,400,000 total cost. it is expected that up to 14 awards will be supported in fy15 in total under these three rfas, depending on the quality of the applications. the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-NS-16-003,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new renewal resubmission the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards ninds intends to fund one award, and intends to commit up to approximately $3.2 million per year to the award. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project and adhere to the budget allowances listed below. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years other award budget information personnel costs individuals who design, direct, and implement the career development program may request salary and fringe benefits appropriate for the person months devoted to the program. salaries requested may not exceed the levels commensurate with the institution's policy for similar positions and may not exceed the congressionally mandated cap. for this foa, ninds will provide up to 2.4 person months (20%) total (combined) effort for the pd/pi(s) and/or program co-directors. this award will provide support for up to 6 person-months effort for administrative support for work directly performed for the cncdp and up to an additional 1.2 person-months of effort for accounting support. funds may be requested for honoraria for advisory committee members. funds from this award may not be used for support of scholar mentors, except as described below for mentor travel to the cncdp annual meeting participant costs scholars are those individuals who benefit from the proposed activities and experiences involved in the career development program. scholar costs must be justified as specifically required for the proposed career development program and based on institutional policies for salaries paid to individuals in similar positions, regardless of the source of funds. these expenses must be itemized in the proposed budget. for this foa, support for salary and fringe may be requested for each scholar to be supported. the maximum allowable salary contribution per scholar is $85,000 per year. the total salary requested for each scholar candidate must be based on a full-time, 12-month staff appointment. it must be consistent both with the established salary structure at the institution and with salaries actually provided by the institution from its own funds to other staff members of equivalent qualifications, rank, and responsibilities in the department concerned. if full-time, 12-month salaries are not currently paid to comparable staff members, the salary proposed must be appropriately related to the existing salary structure. scholars must devote a minimum of 9 person months (75% full-time professional effort) to the k12 research career development program while supported by the k12. support for up to 18 scholars per year may be requested (a total of 90 scholar-slots per 5 years, based on 30 scholars receiving 3 years of support). other program related expenses $38,000 per year may be requested for each scholar to support research costs. allowable costs include research supplies, equipment necessary for the scholar's research project, technical personnel to assist the scholar in the research project, statistical services (including personnel) for the scholar's research project, and scholar travel to scientific meetings or training sites. these funds include support for travel to, and expected attendance each year at, a cncdp annual meeting. each scholar may use up to $9,000 over a 3 year period (from the $114,000) for tuition, fees, and books related to career development. up to $30,000 per year may be requested to support the cncdp annual meeting. the estimated costs that result in the amount requested should be explicitly described. up to $20,000 per year may be requested in the first 3 years to support site visits by advisory committee members to scholar's institutions. funds may be requested for an innovative, well-conceived approach to increasing diversity of the pediatric neurologist-research workforce. costs requiring support should be well-justified. funds may be requested in year 1 for development of a cncdp website. indirect costs indirect costs (also known as facilities & administrative [f&a] costs) are reimbursed at 8% of modified total direct costs (exclusive of tuition and fees, consortium costs in excess of $25,000, and expenditures for equipment), rather than on the basis of a negotiated rate agreement. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DA-18-011,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa application types allowed [renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nida intends to commit an estimated $6 million to fund 4 awards. although the financial plans of nida provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this foa are contingent upon the availability of funds. funding beyond the first year of the grant will be contingent upon satisfactory progress during the preceding years and availability of funds. award budget application budgets need to reflect the actual costs but not to exceed the currently funded levels. award project period the maximum period for each project is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-EB-09-003,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity will use the u01 research project cooperative agreement award mechanism(s). the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be primarily responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses non-modular budget formats described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). this funding opportunity will use a cooperative agreement award mechanism. in the cooperative agreement mechanism, the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) retains the primary responsibility and dominant role for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project, with nih staff being substantially involved as a partner with the principal investigator, as described under the section vi. 2. administrative requirements , "cooperative agreement terms and conditions of award". 2. funds available because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the nibib provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. the nibib intends to commit approximately $8,000,000 in fiscal year 2010 to fund one to three awards. an applicant may request a project period of up to five years and a budget for total direct costs of up to $3,000,000 per year. it is anticipated that most applications will request $1,000,000 to $3,000,000 in total annual costs. a funding opportunity announcement for a third and final phase may be issued during phase ii. it is anticipated that such a phase would not exceed 3 years. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation, see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. section
RFA-HG-20-046,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nhgri intends to commit $3.75m total costs in fy21 and $5m total costs per year in fy22-fy25 to fund one award. the actual amount is contingent upon nih appropriations. award budget application budgets must reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. in fy21 application budgets are limited to $2.5m direct costs and $3.5m direct costs per year in fy22-fy25. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-DA-08-014,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity announcement (foa) will use the nih research project grant ( r01) award mechanism. the applicant will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ). specifically, if you are a u.s. organization and are submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs), use the phs398 modular budget component provided in the sf424 (r&r) application package and sf424 (r&r) application guide (see specifically section 5.4, modular budget component, of the application guide). u.s. applicants requesting more than $250,000 in annual direct costs and all foreign applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component found in the application package for this foa. see not-od-06-096 , august 23, 2006. 2. funds available because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the institutes and centers (ics) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. the national institute on drug abuse intends to commit approximately $3,000,000 dollars in fiscal year 2008 to fund a total of 10-12 new applications under this foa and the two parallel foas. the inmha will consider co-funding meritorious applications in this area involving canadian scientists and institutions. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. f&a costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 , november 2, 2004. section
RFA-LM-20-001,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa.. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nlm intends to commit up to $10,675,000 in fy2021 to fund 7 awards inclusive of the rmls and offices. award budget applicants may request up to $975,000 in direct costs per year for each of the seven regional medical libraries. direct costs are limited for the three optional nnlm offices as follows: nnlm web service office - may request up to $398,000 in direct costs per year; nnlm training office - may request up to $531,000 in direct costs per year; nnlm public health coordination office - may request up to $341,000 in direct costs per year. application budgets need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the proposed project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-MH-18-706,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new resubmission from rfa-mh-16-410 or rfa-mh-17-612 and rfa-mh-18-706 revision from rfa-mh-16-410 or rfa-mh-17-612 and rfa-mh-18-706 the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? required: only accepting applications that propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nimh intends to commit $18 million in direct costs for fy 2018 to fund this foa and the companion foas listed in part 1. overview information . award budget direct costs are limited to $450,000 over the r34 project period, with no more than $225,000 in direct costs allowed in any single year. award project period the total project period for an application submitted in response to this funding opportunity may not exceed three years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-AI-09-036,section ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity will use the nih multi-project cooperative agreement (u19) grant award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses the just-in-time budget concepts. it also uses the non-modular budget format described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). this funding opportunity will use a cooperative agreement award mechanism. in the cooperative agreement mechanism, the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) retains the primary responsibility and dominant role for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project, with nih staff being substantially involved as a partner with the pd/pi, as described in section vi.2.administrative requirements, "cooperative agreement terms and conditions of award. at this time, niaid has not determined whether this solicitation will be continued beyond the present foa. 2. funds available the estimated amount of funds available for support of 8-10 awards as a result of this announcement is $ 24 million total costs for fiscal year 2010. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. the total project period for an application submitted in response to this funding opportunity may not exceed 5 years. although the size of award may vary with the scope of research proposed, applicants may request no more than $3 million total costs per year. funds may not be used for renovations or alterations. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the niaid provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation, see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. section
RFA-HD-14-023,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nichd intends to commit approximately $1.8 million in total costs in fy 2014. awards issued under this foa are contingent upon the availability of funds and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. award budget applicants may request up to $200,000 in direct costs per year. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the total project period for an application submitted in response to this foa may not exceed five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DK-14-027,ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niddk intends to commit $3.5 million and nci intends to commit $2.5 million, for a total of $6 million to fund one coordinating and data management center and up to nine clinical centers (rfa-dk-14-027). award budget application budgets are limited to $270,000 in direct costs per year. application budgets should reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DK-11-020,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niddk intends to commit 1.8 to 2 million dollars in fy 2012. award budget the requested budget may vary across years and may not exceed $350,000 per year. the total direct costs over a five year period should not exceed 1.5 million dollar direct costs, but need to reflect actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the total project period for an application submitted in response to this foa may not exceed five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DC-13-002,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. the nidcd intends to fund an estimate of 1-5 awards, corresponding to a total of $2 m, for fiscal year 2014. award budget application budgets are not limited, but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DA-05-009,section ii. award information 1. mechanism(s) of support this funding opportunity will use the cooperative agreements (u19) award mechanism(s). the cooperative agreement is an assistance mechanism in which substantial nida programmatic involvement with the recipient is anticipated during the performance of the planned activity. as an applicant, you will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this funding opportunity uses the just-in-time budget concepts. it also uses the non-modular budget format described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). a detailed categorical budget for the "initial budget period" and the "entire proposed period of support" is to be submitted with the application. the nih u19 is a cooperative agreement award mechanism. in the cooperative agreement mechanism, the principal investigator retains the primary responsibility and dominant role for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project, with nih staff being substantially involved as a partner with the principal investigator, as described under the section vi. 2. administrative requirements , "cooperative agreement terms and conditions of award". all applications must consist of at least two interrelated research projects conducted by at least two independent research laboratories or commercial laboratories. the involvement of laboratories from commercial (pharmaceutical, chemical, or biotechnological) organizations as part of the project is encouraged. this rfa is a one-time solicitation. all policies and requirements that govern the grant programs of the u.s. public health service (phs) and the national institutes of health (nih) apply. future unsolicited, competing-continuation applications based on this project will compete with all investigator-initiated (r01) applications and will be reviewed according to the customary peer review procedures. 2. funds available nida intends to commit at least $2.0 million in fy2005. at least three awards are anticipated. an applicant may request a project period of up to 5 years. because the nature and scope of the research proposed in response to this rfa may vary, it is anticipated that the size of individual awards will vary also. the earliest anticipated start date is september 2005. the applicants must seek agreement from the nida scientific contact person if the application exceeds $500,000 in direct costs for any of the years. budget requests should be carefully justified and be commensurate with the complexity of the project. although the financial plans nida provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation, see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/guide/notice-files/not-od-05-004.html .
RFA-DK-17-015,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niddk intends to commit up to $475,000 in fy 2018 to fund up to 3 awards. future amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget although the size of award may vary with the scope of the research education program application, the total direct costs are limited to $135,000 annually. award project period the total project period for an application submitted in response to this funding opportunity may not exceed 5 years. other award budget information personnel costs individuals designing, directing, and implementing the research education program may request salary and fringe benefits appropriate for the person months devoted to the program. salaries requested may not exceed the levels commensurate with the institution's policy for similar positions and may not exceed the congressionally mandated cap. (if mentoring interactions and other activities with participants are considered a regular part of an individual's academic duties, then any costs associated with the mentoring and other interactions with participants are not allowable costs from grant funds). it is expected that total direct costs for personnel (i.e., salary and fringe benefits) do not exceed $50,000 per project year. participant costs participants may be paid if specifically required for the proposed research education program and sufficiently justified. participant costs must be itemized in the proposed budget. allowable participant costs depend on the educational level/career status of the individuals to be selected to participate in the program. while generally not an allowable cost, with strong justification, participants in the research education program may receive per diem unless such costs are furnished as part of the registration fee. participants may also receive funds to defray partial tuition and other education-related expenses. expenses for foreign travel must be exceptionally well justified. individuals supported by nih training and career development mechanisms (k, t, or f awards) may receive, and indeed are encouraged to receive, educational experiences supported by an r25 program, as participants, but may not receive salary or stipend supplementation from a research education program. because the r25 program is not intended as a substitute for an nrsa institutional training program (e.g.,t32), costs to support full-time participants (supported for 40 hours/week for a continuous, 12-month period) are not allowable. other program-related expenses consultant costs, equipment, supplies, travel for key persons, and other program-related expenses may be included in the proposed budget. these expenses must be justified as specifically required by the proposed program and must not duplicate items generally available at the applicant institution. expenses must not duplicate items generally available at the applicant professional society. grant funds are intended to leverage the professional society's internal resources in formulating and maintaining the program. indirect costs indirect costs (also known as facilities & administrative [f&a] costs) are reimbursed at 8% of modified total direct costs (exclusive of tuition and fees and expenditures for equipment), rather than on the basis of a negotiated rate agreement. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HD-12-192,ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new (phase i) resubmission (phase i) the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) sbir/sttr application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations, and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. the following nih components intend to commit the following amounts in fy 2012: nichd intends to fund an estimated 4 awards, corresponding to a total of $1,000,000. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget budgets up to $250,000 total costs per year for phase i may be requested. award project period durations up to 2 years for phase i may be requested. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-CA-10-011,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity will use the u10 cooperative agreement award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses non-modular budget formats described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). this funding opportunity will use a cooperative agreement award mechanism. in the cooperative agreement mechanism, the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) retains the primary responsibility and dominant role for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project, with nih staff being substantially involved as a partner with the principal investigator, as described under the section vi. 2. administrative requirements , "cooperative agreement terms and conditions of award." 2. funds available the estimated amount of funds available for support of one (1) research base award as a result of this announcement is $ 1.5 million for fiscal year 2011. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. for research base applications, project period proposed must not exceed 5 years . because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the nci provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. section
RFA-NS-22-001,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials. need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards ninds intends to commit $3,500,000 tc in fy 2022 to fund 3-6 awards. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-HL-10-004,section ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity will use the nih research project cooperative agreement (u01) grant mechanism. the applicant institutions project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses non-modular budget formats described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). this funding opportunity will use a cooperative agreement award mechanism. in the cooperative agreement mechanism, the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) retains the primary responsibility and dominant role for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project, with nih staff being substantially involved as a partner with the principal investigator, as described under the section vi. 2. administrative requirements , "cooperative agreement terms and conditions of award." 2. funds available the participating organizations intend to award up to $49.75 million over seven years (fy2010-2016) under this foa. awards issued under this foa are contingent upon the availability of funds and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. it is anticipated that up to four research centers (rc) (two prevention and two treatment) award will be made under this foa. the total project period for an application submitted in response to this foa is seven years. maximum allowable direct costs for a research center are $700,000 in year 1 and 2, $1,500,000 per year in years 3-6, and $700,000 in year 7. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation, see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. section
RFA-HL-20-014,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new resubmission the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. nhlbi intends to commit total costs of up to $1,430,000 for fy2020, $4,025,000 in fy2021, $5,525,000 in fy2022, $6,125,000 in fy2023 and fy2024, $5,525,000 in fy2025, and $2,525,000 in fy2026. nhlbi expects to fund up to 3 new awards in fy2020 and 2 new awards in fy2021, for a total of up to 5 new awards. award budget application budgets may not exceed direct costs of $460,000 in year 1, $605,000 in year 2, $790,000 in years 3 through 5, and $542,000 in year 6. budgets should reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the maximum period of the combined ug3 and uh3 phases is 6 years, with up to 2 years for the ug3 phase and up to 4 years for the uh3 phase. the scope of the proposed project should determine the requested project award period. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-RR-09-001,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this foa will use the nih exploratory/developmental research grant (r21) award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. exploratory/developmental grant support is for new projects only; competing renewal (formerly competing continuation ) applications will not be accepted. up to two resubmissions (formerly revisions/amendments") of a previously reviewed exploratory/developmental grant application may be submitted. see not-od-03-041 , may 7, 2003. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts (see sf424 (r&r) application guide ) . it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ) . specifically, a u.s. organization submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs) must use the phs398 modular budget component. 2. funds available because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds. ncrr intends to commit approximately $1 million dollars in fy2010 to fund five to eight applications. the total project period for an application submitted in response to this funding opportunity may not exceed three years. direct costs are limited to $125,000 per year. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AI-20-021,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new renewal to rfa-ai-18-046 the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? required: only accepting applications that propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards niaid intends to commit an estimated total of up to $1.5m, depending on funds availability, in core funding in fy 2021 for 1-2 awards. award budget budgets for direct costs up to $400,000 per year may be requested for core funds. award project period the proposed project period must be 6 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-AI-13-009,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the phs 398 application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niaid intends to commit $14 million in fy 2014 to fund 2-3 awards. award budget application budgets are not limited, but need to reflect actual needs of the proposed project . award project period scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HD-09-006,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity will use the nih cooperative research project grant (u01) award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses non-modular budget formats described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). this funding opportunity will use a cooperative agreement award mechanism. in the cooperative agreement mechanism, the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) retains the primary responsibility and dominant role for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project, with nih staff being substantially involved as a partner with the principal investigator, as described under the section vi. 2. administrative requirements , "cooperative agreement terms and conditions of award". phacs awards will be administered by nichd. however, awards will consist of funds from multiple nih institutes. management oversight of the grants will be provided through an nih phacs steering committee. 2. funds available the estimated amount of funds available for support of 2 projects awarded as a result of this announcement is $ 14.25 million in total costs (expected up to $1,000,000 total costs for the coordinating center and expected up to $13,250,000 total costs for the data and operations center [note: clinical site consortium indirect costs are included in direct cost line under subcontracts in doc budget] ) for fiscal year 20 10 . future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. section
RFA-HL-08-017,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity will use the national institutes of health (nih) ruth l. kirschstein institutional national research service award (nsra) (t32) award mechanism(s). the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses non-modular budget formats described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). 2. funds available the estimated amount of funds available for support of two projects awarded as a result of this announcement is $ 250,000 for fiscal year 2009. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. see the supplementary instructions section for additional information. funds will be provided on an annual basis to develop and maintain a stable research training experience for qualified students. successful applicants may compete for subsequent awards of up to five years duration upon completion of the initial grant period. funding beyond the first year of the grant is contingent upon satisfactory progress during the preceding year and availability of funds. because the nature and scope of the proposed research training program will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. allowable costs: (a) stipends - the current stipend level for predoctoral and health professional student trainees at all levels of experience is $20,772. current stipend levels for postdoctoral trainees are available at http://grants.nih.gov/training/nrsa.htm . (b) tuition and fees - the combined cost of tuition and fees will be offset at the following rate for predoctoral trainees: an amount equal to 60% of the level requested by the applicant institution, up to $16,000 per year, will be provided. if the program supports formally combined dual-degree training (e.g., m.d.-ph.d, d.d.s.-ph.d.), the amount provided per trainee will be up to $21,000 per year. for postdoctoral trainees, an amount equal to 60% of the level requested by the applicant institution, up to $4,500 per year, will be provided. if the program supports postdoctoral individuals in formal degree-granting training, the amount provided per trainee enrolled in a degree-granting program will be up to $16,000 per year. costs associated with tuition and fees are allowable only if they are required for specific courses in support of the research training experience supported by the training grant. a full description of the tuition policy is contained within the nrsa policy guidelines on the nih website at: http://grants.nih.gov/training/nrsa.htm#policy . (c) trainee travel costs - if requested by the grantee, the nhlbi awarding office may provide grant funds to cover the costs of trainee travel, including attendance at scientific meetings, which the organization determines is necessary to the individual s training. funds may not be expended to cover the costs of travel between the trainees place of residence and the training institution, except that the grantee organization may authorize a one-way travel allowance in an individual case of extreme hardship. the maximum allowable per student per year is $1,400. in addition, support for travel to a research training experience away from the grantee organization may be permitted. research training experiences away from the parent organization must be justified on the basis of the type of opportunities for training available, the opportunities offered that are different from those at the parent organization, and the relationship of the proposed experience to the trainees career stage and career goals. this type of research training and applicable costs requires prior approval of the nhlbi awarding office. letters requesting such training may be submitted to the nhlbi awarding office at any time during the appointment period. (d) training-related expenses (includes health insurance) - institutional costs of $4,200 a year per predoctoral trainee and $7,850 a year per postdoctoral trainee may be requested to defray the costs of other research training related expenses, such as staff salaries, consultant costs, equipment, research supplies and staff travel, and health insurance. (e) facilities and administrative costs - the notice of grant award will provide facilities and administrative costs based on 8% of total direct costs, exclusive of tuition, fees and equipment. (f) stipend supplementation, compensation, and other income the grantee institution is allowed to provide funds to an individual in addition to the stipends paid by the nih. such additional amounts either may be in the form of augmented stipends (supplementation) or in the form of compensation, such as salary or tuition remission for services such as teaching or serving as a laboratory assistant, provided the conditions described below are met. under no circumstances may the conditions of stipend supplementation or the services provided for compensation interfere with, detract from, or prolong the trainee's approved nrsa training program. grantees may supplement stipends from non-federal funds provided the supplementation is without obligation to the trainee. an organization can determine what amount of stipend supplementation, if any, will be provided according to its own formally established policies governing stipend support. these policies must be consistently applied to all individuals in a similar training status regardless of the source of funds. federal funds may not be used for stipend supplementation unless specifically authorized under the terms of the program from which funds are derived. an individual may use federal educational loan funds or va benefits when permitted by those programs. under no circumstances may phs funds be used for supplementation. compensation : funds characterized as compensation may be paid to trainees only when there is an employer-employee relationship, the payments are for services rendered, and the situation otherwise meets all of the conditions and policies in the nih grants policy statement. additionally, compensation must be in accordance with organizational policies consistently applied to both federally and non-federally supported activities and must be supported by acceptable accounting records that reflect the employer-employee relationship. an institution may provide additional funds to a trainee in the form of compensation (as salary and/or tuition remission) for services performed outside of the responsibilities of the full-time nrsa-supported training such as teaching or serving as a research assistant. a trainee may receive compensation for services as a research assistant or in some other position on a federal research grant, including a dhhs research grant. however, compensated services should occur on a limited, part-time basis apart from the normal full-time research training activities. in addition, compensation may not be paid from a research grant that supports the same research that is part of the trainees planned training experience as approved in the institutional training grant application. training program directors must approve all instances of employment on research grants to verify that the circumstances will not detract from or prolong the approved training program. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. educational loans or g.i. bill: an individual may make use of federal educational loan funds and assistance under the veterans readjustment benefits act (g.i. bill). such funds are not considered supplementation or compensation. postdoctoral trainees in their first and third years of training may also be eligible to participate in the nih extramural loan repayment program. information about this program is available at: http://www.lrp.nih.gov/ .
RFA-HG-06-007,section ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity will use the nih u41 biotechnology resource cooperative agreement award mechanism. in the cooperative agreement mechanism, the principal investigator retains the primary responsibility and dominant role for planning, directing, and executing their components of the modencode project, with nih staff being substantially involved as a partner with the principal investigators, as described under the section vi. 2. administrative requirements , cooperative agreement terms and conditions of award". this rfa is a one-time solicitation. at the current time, nhgri anticipates that this will be a three-year project unless circumstances warrant a continuation of this effort. 2. funds available the nhgri intends to commit approximately $1.5 million dollars in fy 2007 to fund 1 new cooperative agreement in response to this rfa. an applicant may request a project period of up to 3 years. although the financial plans of nhgri provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this rfa are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. the earliest anticipated award date is march 1, 2007. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation, see not-od-05-004 .
RFA-AT-17-001,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards collectively, the agencies intend to commit $3,500,000 to $4,250,000 (nih $2,250,000; dod $750,000 - $1,250,000; va $500,000)/year to fund approximately 5-7 two-year ug3 (planning phase) awards, and $5,650,000 to 6,650,000 million/year (nih $3,500,000; dod $1,250,000-2,250,000; va $1,000,000) to fund approximately five four-year subsequent uh3 (implementation phase) demonstration projects, contingent upon receiving scientifically meritorious applications. award budget the application budget for the ug3 phase is limited to $500,000/year in direct costs. costs for each year of the uh3 phase are limited to $1 million/year in direct costs. award project period the ug3 phase is limited to up to two years and the uh3 phase can request up to four years of support. the total project period for an application submitted in response to this foa may not exceed 6 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AG-13-009,section ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations, and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. nia intends to commit $1,000,000 in fy 2013 and fy 2014. award budget application budgets are limited to $100,000 in direct costs per year and must reflect the needs of the proposed project. applicants can request smaller budgets (i.e. less than $100,000 in direct costs or less than 4 modules). award project period the total project period for an application submitted in response to this funding opportunity may not exceed two years. applicants may submit applications for a shorter duration (i.e., less than 2 years). nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-CA-17-035,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nci intends to commit $6.25 in fy 2018 to fund up to three awards. award budget application budgets are limited to $1.6m in direct costs per year and must reflect actual costs of the proposed project. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-EB-17-004,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards issuing ic and partner components intend to commit an estimated total of $8m to fund 3-6 awards. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-RM-17-030,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the nih intends to commit $2,000,000 in fy 2018 to fund approximately 4 awards. award budget direct costs are limited to a maximum of $320,000 in each year. award project period the maximum project period is 3 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AI-19-059,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards niaid intends to commit $6m in fy 2021 to fund 4-6 awards. award budget the application budget may not exceed $750k in direct costs per year and should reflect the actual needs of the project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-CA-08-002,section ii. award information 1. mechanism(s) of support this funding opportunity will use the nih u54 cooperative agreement award mechanism. as an applicant, you will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. the nih u54 is a cooperative agreement award mechanism. with this cooperative agreement award mechanism, each pi retains the primary responsibility and dominant role for planning, directing, and executing the proposed research of the center, maintaining active collaborations to be formed with other centers competitively selected for the network, and maintaining active participation in the networks steering committee. nih staff will be substantially involved as described under section vi. 2. administrative requirements , " cooperative agreement terms and conditions of award. this foa uses the just-in-time budget concepts. it also uses the non-modular budget format described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). a detailed categorical budget for the "initial budget period" and the "entire proposed period of support" is to be submitted with the application. only new applications are allowed. neither competing continuation nor resubmission applications will be accepted. 2. funds available nci intends to commit up to $4.8 million in total costs in fiscal year (fy) 2008 to fund approximately four competitively selected cooperative agreements in response to this foa. a total amount of set-aside funds expected to be committed to this initiative over the entire 5 year period is $24 million. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will be different from one application to another, it is anticipated that the size and duration of the funded awards will vary. for most of awards, total costs are expected to range from $1,100,000 to $1,300,000 per year. an applicant may request a project period of up to 5 years with annual budget (total costs) not exceeding $1,500,000. although financial plans of the nci include support for this program, awards pursuant to this foa are contingent upon the annual availability of funds and receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. most of the funds must be budgeted for the direct support of the primary project and task specific projects. the expected breakdown of the proposed annual costs for the different components defined in this foa is as follows: primary project and task-specific projects: direct costs to cover the development and validation of an imaging platform(s) as defined in this foa should amount to approximately 85% of annual and cumulative direct costs requested. research support cores and administrative core: direct costs to cover tasks assigned to administrative core and research support cores as needed for each center and for the full network, with steering committee oversight, should amount to approximately 15% of annual and cumulative direct costs requested. nci extramural funds are not available to support research by nih intramural investigators. intramural participants must verify the availability of funding allocated from nih intramural sources to support their role as collaborators. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation, see not-od-05-004 .
RFA-NS-19-043,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new resubmission (par-18-814 and rfa-ns-19-043 only ) the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials. note: applicants may propose to gain experience in a clinical trial led by a mentor/co-mentor as part of their research career development. need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the brain initiative intends to commit $4.0m per year in fiscal years 2020-2023 to fund an estimate of 20 awards per year. award budget award budgets are composed of salary and other program-related expenses, as described below. award project period the total project period may not exceed 5 years. other award budget information salary mentored phase (k99) salary support: the nih brain initiative will provide k99 salary support commensurate with the applicant institution's salary structure for persons of equivalent qualifications, experience, and rank. intramural : mentored candidates in the nih intramural program will be supported by intramural funds provided by the nih institute/center intramural laboratory in which they are conducting their research. budget details for the mentored phase will be negotiated with the sponsoring intramural laboratory. salary will be consistent with that offered scientists in similar, intramural nih positions. extramural: mentored candidates at an extramural sponsoring institution/organization will be supported by nih extramural funds. the requested salary must be consistent both with the established salary structure at the institution and with salaries actually provided by the institution from its own funds to other staff members with equivalent qualifications, rank, and responsibilities in the department concerned. further guidance on budgeting for career development salaries is provided in the sf424 (r&r) application guide. the total salary may not exceed the legislatively mandated salary cap. see: https://grants.nih.gov/grants/policy/salcap_summary.htm . independent phase (r00) the total cost for the independent phase (r00) may not exceed $249,000 per year. this amount includes salary, fringe benefits, research costs, and applicable indirect costs. indirect costs will be reimbursed at the extramural sponsoring institution's indirect cost rate. indirect costs requested by consortium participants are included in the total cost limitation. other program-related expenses the brain initiative will contribute $25,000 per year toward the research development costs of the award recipient, which must be justified and consistent with the stage of development of the candidate and the proportion of time to be spent in research or career development activities. expenses may include (a) tuition and fees related to career development activities; (b) supplies, equipment and technical personnel; and (c) statistical services including personnel and computer time. the application may request up to an additional $5,000 annually to defray the cost of participation in meetings including annual brain initiative meetings. salary for mentors, secretarial and administrative assistants, etc. is not allowed. indirect costs for the extramural k99 phase, indirect costs (also known as facilities & administrative [f&a] costs) are reimbursed at 8% of modified total direct costs. for the r00 phase, indirect costs will be reimbursed at the extramural sponsoring institutions indirect cost rate. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-PM-16-003,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nih intends to fund an estimate of 1 award, corresponding to a total cost of $8 million, for fiscal year 2016. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget direct costs for year 1 should not exceed $5.3 million. direct costs for year 2 should not exceed $6.7 million in direct costs. direct costs for each of years 3, 4, 5 should not exceed $10.0 million. requests exceeding this guidance should be strongly justified. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HL-17-021,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new resubmissions the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nhlbi intends to commit total costs of $1,920,000 in fy 2017, $3,840,000 in fy 2018 through fy2020, and $1,920,000 in fy 2021. nhlbi intends to fund up to 4 new awards in fy2017 and up to 4 new awards in fy2018. award budget application budgets should reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. application budgets may not exceed $300,000 direct costs per year. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 4 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-CA-07-047,section ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity announcement (foa) will use the nih research project grant (r01) award mechanism. the applicant will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ). specifically, if you are a u . s . organization and are submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs), use the phs398 modular budget component provided in the sf424 (r&r) application package and sf424 (r&r) application guide (see specifically section 5.4, modular budget component, of the application guide). u.s . applicants requesting more than $250,000 in annual direct costs must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component found in the application package for this foa. this foa is a one time solicitation. 2. funds available nci intends to commit up to $4.5 million over fiscal years 2008, 2009, and 2010 to fund two to three new grants in response to the foa. an applicant may request a project period up to 3 years and a budget of not more than $650,000 in total costs. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the nci provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 , november 2, 2004.
RFA-OD-19-019,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new renewal resubmission the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nih, via support from the fda center for tobacco products (ctp), intends to fund up to 8 r01s, corresponding to a total of up to $4 million, for fiscal year 2020. future year amounts will depend on availability of funds. award budget application budgets are limited to $300,000 in direct cost per year. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 3 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-DA-15-015,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nih intends to fund an estimate of 10-15 awards, corresponding to a total of $25,000,000, for fiscal year 2015. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-RM-17-017,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the nih intends to commit up to $4m total costs for fy2018 and fy2019, $3m total costs in fy2020, and $2m total costs in fy2021 to support three related foas for udn core laboratories (sequencing rm-17-016, model organisms rm-17-017 and metabolomics rm-17-015). three to six udn core laboratory awards are anticipated in total, one to two per foa contingent upon receiving scientifically meritorious applications. award budget application budgets should not exceed $700k direct costs per year in fy18 and fy19, $550k direct costs in fy20, and $4350k direct costs in fy21, and must reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the total award period for this foa is 4 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-MH-14-216,ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the nih blueprint program intends to commit approximately $5 million in fy 2014 to fund an estimate of 7-10 awards in response to this foa. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 3 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AR-10-005,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity will use the u01 cooperative agreement award mechanism(s). the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses non-modular budget formats described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). this funding opportunity will use a cooperative agreement award mechanism. in the cooperative agreement mechanism, the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) retains the primary responsibility and dominant role for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project, with nih staff being substantially involved as a partner with the principal investigator, as described under the section vi. 2. administrative requirements , "cooperative agreement terms and conditions of award". 2. funds available the estimated amount of funds available for support of 4-5 (four to five) projects awarded as a result of this announcement is $ 1,000,000 for fiscal year 2010. an applicant may request a budget period of up to three years and a budget for direct costs up to $150,000 per year. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitations, see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-RM-08-008,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity announcement (foa) will use the nih research project grant ( r01) award mechanism. the applicant will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ). specifically, if you are a u.s. organization and are submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs), use the phs398 modular budget component provided in the sf424 (r&r) application package and sf424 (r&r) application guide (see specifically section 5.4, modular budget component, of the application guide). u.s. applicants requesting more than $250,000 in annual direct costs and all foreign applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component found in the application package for this foa. see not-od-06-096 , august 23, 2006. 2. funds available because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the institutes and centers (ics) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. the nih intends to commit approximately $1.5 million dollars in fiscal year 2008 for this and the parallel foa for r21 applications, and to fund 1-4 r01 applications and 2-4 r21 applications . applicants for r01 grants may request a project period of up to 3 years. it is anticipated that budgets will be negotiated to optimize the number of awards that can be made this foa will be reissued at least once more by 2010. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. f&a costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 , november 2, 2004.
RFA-RM-14-016,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards one award is anticipated from this foa, contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. the total amount of funds available for this award is $1m total costs for fy2015. in fy2016-fy2017, $0.75m total costs per year are anticipated, although future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget application budgets should not exceed $1m total costs in fy15 and $0.75m total costs per year in fy16-fy17. the budget must reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the total project period for this foa is 3 years (fy15 through fy17). nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DK-21-005,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials. need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards niddk intends to commit up to $3,000,000 per year to fund 3-5 awards beginning in fy 2022. the number of awards is contingent upon availability of funds and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. award budget application budgets are limited to $600,000 direct costs per year. the budget needs to reflect the scientific scope of the proposed project. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-AA-11-001,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this foa will use the r01 award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts (see sf424 (r&r) application guide ) . it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ) . specifically, a u.s. organization submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs) must use the phs398 modular budget component. u.s. applicants requesting more than $250,000 in annual direct costs and all foreign applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component. 2. funds available niaaa expects to award $ 1 million through this announcement; niaaa anticipates that one or two awards will be made. the expected direct cost amount for individual awards is expected to be approximately $500,000 (direct costs). because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-OD-10-003,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this foa will use the k18 award mechanism . the candidate project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) and his/her mentor are jointly responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project and career enhancement activities. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts (see sf424 (r&r) application guide ) . it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ) . the candidate should follow the instructions for budget information described in this foa as well as in phs 398 career development award supplemental form section 7.4.6 of the r&r 424 instructions, and budget justification information. 2. funds available this initiative is supported by funds provided to the nih under the american recovery & reinvestment act of 2009 ( recovery act or arra ), public law 111-5. nihs oppnet has designated $2 million in fy2010 to fund approximately 10-20 grants, contingent upon the submission of a sufficient number of scientifically meritorious applications. budget proposals are limited to $20,000 in direct costs for research development support to cover career enhancement training experiences, such as tuition and fees for short-term courses, consultant fees, travel to scientific meetings, and research related costs, primarily supplies and technical services but not living expenses. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds. salary: the total salary provided by the award will be prorated based on a full-time, 12-month staff appointment and the support period requested, up to the maximum legislated salary level. the total project period for an application submitted in response to this funding opportunity shall be between three and twelve months. all candidates must devote a minimum of 25 % but no greater than 50 % of full-time professional effort to conducting the b-bssr research and career development plan described in the application. for information regarding nih policy in determining full-time professional effort for career awards, see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/guide/notice-files/not-od-04-056.html . research development support: this program will provide up to $20,000 in direct costs for research development support to cover career enhancement training experiences, such as tuition and fees for short-term courses, consultant fees, travel to scientific meetings, and research related costs, primarily supplies and technical services. the candidate s institution may supplement the salary received from the k18 award to a level consistent with the institutions salary scale. institutional supplementation of salary must not require extra duties or responsibilities that would interfere with the conduct of the k18 program. no phs funds may be used for supplementation. ancillary personnel support: salary for mentors, secretarial and administrative assistance, etc., is not allowed. indirect costs: these costs, also known as facilities and administrative (f&a) costs, will be reimbursed at eight percent (8%) of modified total direct costs. this program is supported by funds provided to the nih under the recovery act. the purpose of the recovery act is to stimulate the american economy through job preservation and creation, infrastructure investment, energy efficiency and science, and other means. consistent with these goals, domestic (united states) institutions/organizations planning to submit applications that include foreign components should be aware that requested funding for any foreign component should not exceed 10% of the total requested direct costs or $25,000 per year (aggregate total for a subcontract or multiple subcontracts), whichever is less. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AI-14-026,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niaid intends to commit $3.1 million in total costs in fy2015 to fund 10 to 12 awards. award budget direct costs for the r21 phase are limited to $275,000 over the r21 two-year period, with a maximum of $200,000 in direct costs allowed in any single year. the r33 award phase is limited to $300,000 in direct costs per year. the niaid anticipates that a maximum of fifty percent (50%) of the funded r21 phase awards will progress to the r33 award. award project period the total project period for an application submitted in response to this foa cannot exceed five years. the r21 phase is limited to 2 years, and the r33 phase is limited to 3 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AG-16-008,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the national institute on aging intends to commit $750,000 in fy 2016 to fund 3 awards. award budget application budgets may not exceed $175,000 per year in direct costs and need to reflect actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-MH-12-071,section ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the participating ics intend to commit the following amounts in fy 2012 for this foa and the companion r01 foa: nimh intends to commit up to $2,000,000 to fund up 4 awards nia intends to commit up to $550,000 to fund up to 2 awards ninds intends to commit up to $550,000 to fund up to 2 awards an award issued under this foa is contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. award budget the total project period for an application submitted in response to this foa may not exceed two years. direct costs are limited to $275,000 over an r21 two-year period, with no more than $200,000 in direct costs allowed in any single year. award project period the total project period for an application submitted in response to this foa is 2 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HL-16-001,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nhlbi intends to commit total costs of $3,500,000 per year in fy 2016, fy 2017, and fy 2018. nhlbi intends to fund up to 5 awards in fy 2016. award budget application budgets may not exceed $450,000 direct costs per year. award project period the maximum project period allowed is 3 years. the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-NS-16-013,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new resubmission the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards ninds intends to commit up to $750,000 per year to fund up to 3 new awards per year in fiscal years 2016, 2017 and 2018 for a potential total of 9 new awards over the three years. awards issued under this foa are contingent upon the availability of funds and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. award budget direct costs are limited to $250,000 per year, regardless of grant phase. award project period the project period is limited to 3 years, with no more than 2 years in the r21 phase and no more than 2 years in the r33 phase. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-TR-16-019,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards ncats and partner components intend to commit an estimated total of $3,000,000 to fund 4-5 awards in fy17. award budget application budgets are limited to $500,000 direct cost. award project period project periods should reflect the scope of the work proposed. the ug3 phase may request up to two years of support and the uh3 phase may request up to two years of support. the total award project period is limited to four years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-CA-13-022,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. for the group of pqs covered by this foa (group d), the nci intends to fund approximately four to six r01 awards per due date, corresponding to a total of up to $2-3 million, for the first submission round (2014) and a similar amount for the second (2015). future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget application budgets are not limited, but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the total project period may not exceed 4 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DA-08-016,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity announcement (foa) will use the nih research project grant ( r01) award mechanism. the applicant will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ). specifically, if you are a u.s. organization and are submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs), use the phs398 modular budget component provided in the sf424 (r&r) application package and sf424 (r&r) application guide (see specifically section 5.4, modular budget component, of the application guide). u.s. applicants requesting more than $250,000 in annual direct costs and all foreign applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component found in the application package for this foa. see not-od-06-096 , august 23, 2006. 2. funds available because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the institutes and centers (ics) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. nida intends to commit approximately $1.5 million dollars in fiscal year 2008 to fund both rfa-da-08-016 and rfa-da-08-017. we anticipate funding up to 3 r01 applications. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. f&a costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 , november 2, 2004. section
RFA-MH-16-750,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. the issuing ic and partner components intend to commit an estimated total of $12m in fy2016 to fund 12-15 awards. award budget application budgets are limited to $700,000 in direct costs in any project year, and need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-CA-21-026,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s). need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nci intends to fund up to 6 awards, corresponding to a total funding of $5.8 million in fiscal year 2022. future years amount will depend on annual appropriations award budget application budget is limited to $600,000 in direct costs per year. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-DA-09-022,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this foa will use the r21 award mechanism. . the national institute on drug abuse recognizes the high risk nature of this project. preliminary data are not required . the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts (see sf424 (r&r) application guide ) . it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ) . specifically, a u.s. organization submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs) must use the phs398 modular budget component. u.s. applicants requesting more than $250,000 in annual direct costs and all foreign applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component. 2. funds available the nida expects to award $2,000,000 through this announcement. nida expects to award 5-7 applications. the direct cost for individual awards should not exceed $200,000 per year and should not exceed $400,000 for the three year project period. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AI-17-040,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards niaid intends to commit $16.16m in fy 2019 to fund 5-6 awards which includes direct costs of $1.15m annually to support an infrastructure and opportunity fund. award budget for this funding opportunity, budgets may be requested up to $2.4m direct costs per year, which includes: a limit on the entire cchi center budget of $1.5m direct costs per year for projects and cores other than the infrastructure and opportunity fund (iof) management core a limit on the budget for infrastructure and opportunity fund (iof) management core of $900k direct costs per year, of which $150,000 should be budgeted for management of the iof management core application budgets need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum period is five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-HL-20-011,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. the nhlbi intends to commit up to $17 million per year in total costs for new awards in in fiscal years 2020, 2021, and 2022. the nhlbi intends to fund up to 17 new awards per year in fiscal years 2020, 2021, and 2022. award budget applications may request up to $600,000 direct costs per year. investigators are encouraged to request what is well-justified for their research program. the award amount will be determined by the nhlbi and commensurate with current nhlbi support of the pd/pi. award project period applications may request a maximum project period of up to seven years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-AG-14-008,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nia intends to commit $1,000,000 in fy 2014 to support approximately 6-8 awards. award budget application budgets are limited to $100,000 in direct costs per year and must reflect the needs of the proposed project. award project period the total project period for an application submitted in response to this funding opportunity may not exceed two years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AI-18-023,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the following nih components intend to commit the following amounts per year: niaid intends to commit $3.1m to fund 4-5 awards. nichd intends to commit $1m to fund 1-2 awards. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed study should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-DA-22-012,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s). need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nida intends to fund an estimate of 3-5 awards, corresponding to a total of $2 million, for fiscal year 2022. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-MH-21-225,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s). need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nimh intends to commit a total of $2,000,000 in fy 2022 to fund 3-5 awards in response to this foa and the companion foa. ninds intends to commit a total of $1,500,000 in fy22 to fund 2-3 awards in response to this foa and the companion foa award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-AI-08-020,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this foa will use the r21 award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts (see sf424 (r&r) application guide ) . it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ) . specifically, a u.s. organization submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs) must use the phs398 modular budget component. u.s. applicants requesting more than $250,000 in annual direct costs and all foreign applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component. 2. funds available niaid intents to commit a total of $5 million in fiscal year 2009 to fund 18 to 25 r21 applications pending receipt of a sufficient number of scientifically meritorious applications. direct costs are limited to $275,000 over a 2 year period with no more than $200,000 in direct costs in any single year. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AI-13-011,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niaid and partner ics intend to commit an estimated total of $17.9m to fund four crs awards and the current center for the coordination, analysis, and management of the macs (camacs). award budget application budgets are limited to $4.2m in total costs per year, but must reflect actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the maximum project period for each award is five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DA-22-037,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new renewal resubmission revision the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s). need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nida intends to commit $2 million in fy 2022 to fund 3-5 awards. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-MH-21-250,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s). need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nimh intends to commit a total of $2,000,000 in fy 2022 to fund 3-5 awards in response to this foa and the companion foa. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. ninds intends to commit a total of $1,500,000 in fy 2022 to fund 3-5 awards in response to this foa and the companion foa. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-CA-07-037,section ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity announcement (foa) will use the nih exploratory/developmental research grant (r21) award mechanism. the applicant will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses the modular budget formats (see the modular applications and awards section of the nih grants policy statement . specifically, if you are submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs), use the phs398 modular budget component provided in the sf424 (r&r) application package and sf424 (r&r) application guide (see specifically section 5.4, modular budget component, of the application guide). all foreign applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component found in the application package for this foa. see not-od-06-096 , august 23, 2006. exploratory/developmental grant support is for new projects only; competing renewal (formerly competing continuation ) applications will not be accepted. up to two resubmissions (formerly revisions/amendments") of a previously reviewed exploratory/developmental grant application may be submitted. see not-od-03-041 , may 7, 2003. 2. funds available because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the institutes and centers (ics) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. an r21 applicant may request a project period of up to 2 years with a combined budget for direct costs of up $275,000 for the 2-year period. for example, the applicant may request $100,000 in the 1st year and $175,000 in the 2nd year. the budget request should be tailored to the needs of the project, with no more than $200,000 in direct costs allowed in any single year. applicants may request direct costs in $25,000 modules, up to the total direct costs limitation of $275,000 for the combined two-year award period. commensurate f&a costs are allowed. the nci intends to commit approximately 500,000 dollars in fy20 08 to fund approximately 3 to 5 applications. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 , november 2, 2004.
RFA-AI-19-011,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards niaid intends to commit $4.0 million in fy 2020 to fund 3 - 4 awards. award budget application budgets are limited to $750,000 direct costs per year and need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-HD-09-008,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity will use the nih cooperative research project (u01) a ward mechanism(s). the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses non-modular budget formats described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). this funding opportunity will use a cooperative agreement award mechanism. in the cooperative agreement mechanism, the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) retains the primary responsibility and dominant role for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project, with nih staff being substantially involved as a partner with the principal investigator, as described under the section vi. 2. administrative requirements , "cooperative agreement terms and conditions of award". nichd has not determined at this time whether this foa will be reissued in the future. 2. funds available the eunice kennedy shriver national institute of child health and human development intends to commit approximately $1.2 million in total costs in fiscal year 2010 to fund up to two partnerships (four awards) with total direct costs not to exceed $400,000 per year for each partnership. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation, see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. section
RFA-CA-17-012,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new resubmission the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nci intends to commit $1,200,000 in fy2018 to fund an estimate of 5 awards. award budget direct costs are limited to $400,000 over a 3-year period, with no more than $200,000 in direct costs allowed in any single year. application budgets must reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the total project period request may not exceed 3 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-NS-18-008,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nih brain initiative intends to commit $5.5m in fy 2018 to fund 5 awards. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the project period must be three years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-RM-11-007,section ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the nih common fund intends to commit approximately $4,000,000 in fy 2012. approximately 10 awards are anticipated, contingent upon availability of funds and receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. award budget awards will be for up to $250,000 in direct costs per year, plus applicable facilities and administrative (f&a) costs. award project period five years nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-CA-09-019,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity uses the nih u24 cooperative agreement award mechanism(s) . the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses non-modular budget formats described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). this funding opportunity uses a cooperative agreement award mechanism. in the cooperative agreement mechanism, the pd/pi retain the primary responsibility and dominant role for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project, with nih staff being substantially involved as a partner with the pd/pi, as described under the section vi. 2. administrative requirements , "cooperative agreement terms and conditions of award." 2. funds available the nci intends to commit approximately $3 million in fy 2010 to fund up to five new and/or renewal cooperative agreements (u24) in response to this foa. an applicant should request support for five years. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. an applicant may request a project period of up to 5 years at a budget of up to $300,000 per year (direct costs). because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the nci provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation, see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. section
RFA-MH-11-030,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this foa will use the nih research project ( r01) award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts (see sf424 (r&r) application guide ) . it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ) . specifically, a u.s. organization submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs) must use the phs398 modular budget component. u.s. applicants requesting more than $250,000 in annual direct costs and all foreign applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component. 2. funds available the nimh intends to commit approximately $5,000,000 total costs in fy 2011 to fund 10 or more awards in response to this foa and the companion announcement. the total project period for an application submitted in response to this foa may not exceed five years. although r01 applications are not limited in dollars, budgets should be appropriate for the proposed work. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HD-21-012,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new renewal (only two renewals are allowed) resubmission the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the nichd intends to commit $3.2 million in fy2021 to fund up to two awards. award budget application budgets may request a budget for direct costs of no more than $1.0 million/year. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-RM-16-003,section ii. award information funding instrument other: a mechanism that is not a grant or cooperative agreement. examples include access to research resources or pre-applications. application types allowed new resubmission the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nih intends to fund an estimate of 10-15 awards through this foa. nih estimates funding up to 5 awards in fiscal year 2016, corresponding to a total of up to approximately $4m. an additional 5-10 awards are estimated for funding in future years. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations and programmatic needs for additional sparc research. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. awards are expected to range between $250,000 to $300,000 direct costs per year. award project period the project period is limited to 2 years with the opportunity for supplemental funding as described above. nih policies as described in the nih other transaction award policy guide for the sparc program will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AG-09-005,section ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity will use the research and development center (p30) award mechanism(s). the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses non-modular budget formats described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). 2. funds available the estimated amount of funds available for support of 8-13 projects awarded as a result of this announcement is $ 4.4 million direct costs for fiscal year 20 09 . an applicant may request a project period of up to 5 years. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. nia expects to fund centers of different sizes. maximum allowable direct costs that may be requested for the overall center in year one are $525,000 (for cores a, b, c, d, and e). a 3% per annum inflation increase is allowable in subsequent years. funds of up to $120,000 direct costs may be requested for the coordinating center function (core f) above the $525,000 direct cost limit in year one. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation, see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DK-20-024,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards niddk intends to commit $4,250,000 in fy 2021 to fund up to six awards. award budget application budgets are limited to $500,000 direct costs per year. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-DK-20-013,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new renewal applications in response to rfa-dk-15-014 the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards niddk intends to commit $2,300,000 to support 4-5 awards under this foa in fy2021. award budget direct costs are expected to be in the range of $200,000 to $300,000 per year. application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-DK-16-017,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niddk intends to commit up to $1.5 million in fy 2016 to fund up to 2 awards. award budget application budgets may not exceed $500,000 direct costs per year, including any subcontract direct costs. the budget needs to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project years. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-GM-16-001,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. nigms intends to commit $3,500,000 in fy 2014 to fund 3-4 awards. award budget the maximum application budget is $350,000 direct costs/year for operating expenses, exclusive of consortium indirect costs. in addition, up to $500,000 in equipment may be requested. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-RM-07-004,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity announcement (foa) will use the nih exploratory/developmental research grant (r21) award mechanism. the applicant will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see the modular applications and awards section of the nih grants policy statement . specifically, if you are submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs), use the phs398 modular budget component provided in the sf424 (r&r) application package and sf424 (r&r) application guide (see specifically section 5.4, modular budget component, of the application guide). all foreign applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component found in the application package for this foa. see not-od-06-096 , august 23, 2006. competing renewals are not allowed. 2. funds available because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the institutes and centers (ics) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. nih intends to commit approximately $3 million dollars in fy2007 to fund approximately 10 new grants in response to this foa. the total project period for an applications submitted in response to this funding opportunity may not exceed 4years. total costs are limited to $1,200,000 over a four-year period, with no more than $300,000 in total costs allowed in any single year. the earliest anticipated start date for awards is september 15, 2007. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. f acilities and administrative (f &a ) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 , november 2, 2004. section
RFA-TR-21-008,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s). need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards ncats intends to commit a total of $1,000,000 per year for fy2022-2026 to fund up to 3 awards. award budget direct cost funding support may not exceed $200,000 per year for the ug3 phase of awards and $300,000 per year for the uh3 phase awards. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the project period may not exceed 2 years for the ug3 phase. the project period may not exceed 3 years for the uh3 phase. the maximum project period for the entire ug3/uh3 award is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-DE-19-008,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nidcr intends to commit $ 3 million in fy 2020 to fund 3-4 awards award budget the combined budget for direct costs for the two year project period may not exceed $275,000. no more than $200,000 may be requested in any single year. award project period for applications submitted in response to this foa, the project period is limited to no more than two years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-MH-18-610,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the following nih components intend to commit the following amounts in fy 2018: nimh intends to commit an estimate of $2,000,000 in fy 2018 to fund 3-5 awards in response to this foa and the companion r21 foa. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. ninds intends to commit approximately $1,500,000 in fy 2018 to fund 3-5 awards in response to this foa and the companion r21 foa. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. nida intends to commit an estimate of $2,000,000 in fy 2018 to fund 3-5 awards in response to this foa and the companion r21 foa. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. niaaa intends to commit an estimate of $1,000,000 in fy 2018 to fund 2-3 awards in response to this foa and the companion r21 foa. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-HL-12-008,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the phs398 application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the following nih component intends to commit the following amounts in fy 2012: nhlbi, $14,000,000, up to 5 awards award budget application budgets are limited to $1.8 million direct costs per year for each center. an additional $150,000 in direct costs per year will be available for one center selected to serve as the administrative coordinating center (acc). award project period 5 years nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. section
RFA-HD-15-018,ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new (phase i, fast-track) renewal (phase ii) resubmission (all phases) the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) sbir/sttr application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards issuing ic and partner components intend to commit an estimated total of $2,000,000 between this foa and companion sttr foa ( rfa-hd-15-019 ) in 2015. award budget according to statutory guidelines, total funding support (direct costs, indirect costs, fee) normally may not exceed $150,000 for phase i awards and $1,000,000 for phase ii awards. with appropriate justification from the applicant, congress will allow awards to exceed these amounts by up to 50% ($225,000 for phase i, $1,500,000 for phase ii, and $1,725,000 for fast-track). applicants are strongly encouraged to contact nih program officials prior to submitting any application in excess of the guidelines. in all cases, applicants should propose a budget that is reasonable and appropriate for completion of the research project. award project period durations up to 2 years for phase i and up to 4 years for phase ii may be requested. within the 2 and 4-year limits budget periods may not exceed twelve months. under no circumstances may the total project period for phase i and phase ii exceed five budget years of twelve month increments. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AG-22-025,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials. need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nia intends to commit $3 million in fy 2022 to fund up to two awards. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-CA-17-003,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nci intends to fund up to four awards, corresponding to a total of $5,000,000, for fiscal year 2017. the number of awards is contingent upon the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. award budget application budgets must not exceed $800,000 per year in direct costs. award project period project period of 5 years is required. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AI-19-001,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? required: only accepting applications that propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards niaid and partner components intend to commit an estimated total of up to $27.4m, depending on funds availability, in core funding in fy21 for 4 laboratory centers. award budget application budgets for fy21 are limited to the following direct cost amounts, to be disbursed as core funding: lc (hiv prevention clinical trials network): $4.2m lc (hiv vaccines clinical trials network): $9.0m lc (hiv/aids adult therapeutics clinical trials network): $6.8m lc (hiv/aids maternal, adolescent and pediatric therapeutics clinical trials network): $2.6m award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 7 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-DE-13-003,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations, and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. nidcr intends to support approximately 4-8 r21 applications solicited through this funding opportunity announcement. a companion funding opportunity announcement, rfa-de-13-002 , will support approximately 8-10 r01 additional grant applications. nidcr intends to commit approximately $5 million in total costs in fy2013 to support meritorious projects solicited through these two announcements. award budget a project period of up to two years and a budget for direct costs of up to $200,000 per year may be requested with a maximum of $275,000 direct costs over two years). facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation, see not-od-05-004 . award project period the total project period for an application submitted in response to this funding opportunity may not exceed two years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AI-16-078,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niaid intends to commit $3.46 million in fy 2018 to fund 6-10 awards. award budget application budgets are limited to $400,000 direct costs/year. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 3 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DK-12-507,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement application types allowed renewal the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the niddk intends to commit $3.2 million, and nhlbi intends to commit $250,000 and nichd intends to commit $200, 000 in fy2013 to fund four awards. award budget an applicant may request a budget for direct costs up to $500,000-$700,000 for the clinical coordinating centers, $800,000 for the data coordinating center and $200,000-$215,000 for the central laboratory per year. award project period the project period will be 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AI-08-013,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity will use the nih research project cooperative agreement (u01) and nih multi-project cooperative agreement (u19) award mechanisms. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses non-modular budget formats described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). this funding opportunity will use a cooperative agreement award mechanism. in the cooperative agreement mechanism, the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) retains the primary responsibility and dominant role for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project, with nih staff being substantially involved as a partner with the principal investigator, as described under the section vi. 2. administrative requirements , "cooperative agreement terms and conditions of award". this foa is a one-time solicitation. 2. funds available the estimated amount of funds available for support of 7-15 projects awarded as a result of this announcement is $ 14 million for fiscal year 2009. an additional $1 million will be available in a discretionary fund to support exploratory pilot research projects that propose projects that capitalize on emerging opportunities. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. although the size of award may vary with the scope of research proposed, direct costs (excluding third party f&a) are expected to range from $250,000 to $500,000 per year for u01 grants, and $750,000 to $1.5 million per year for u19 grants . because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation, see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. section
RFA-NS-11-004,section ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the phs398 application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations, and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. the ninds intends to award up to 3 udall centers, corresponding to an estimated total of $6,750,000 for fiscal year 2011. award budget application budgets should reflect actual needs of the proposed project. applicants should request no more than $1,000,000 direct costs per year (exclusive of facilities and administrative costs of subcontracts with collaborating institutions), unless an optional clinical component is proposed. applications including a clinical component, i.e. a clinical translational research project plus a clinical resource core, may request $1,500,000 direct costs per year. cost of living is included in the direct costs cap. applications may not exceed this cap in any one year. award project period an award project period of up to 5 years may be proposed. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AI-10-022,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this foa will use the nih r21 exploratory/developmental grant award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time concepts. for the r21, applicants must complete and submit detailed budget requests using the sf424 research and related (r&r) budget component provided in the sf424 (r&r) application package and sf424 (r&r) application guide (see specifically section 4.7, r&r budget component, of the application guide). modular budgets are not permitted for this funding opportunity. foreign institutions must submit non-modular budgets. (see also section iv.6. other submission requirements.) 2. funds available the total project period for an application submitted in response to this funding opportunity may not exceed two years. although the size of award may vary with the scope of research proposed, it is expected that applications will stay within the budgetary guidelines for an exploratory/developmental project. direct costs are limited to $275,000 usd over an r21 two-year period, with no more than $200,000 usd in direct costs in any single year. the participating institutes intend to commit approximately 3 million total dollars in fy2011 to fund 8 to 10 applications. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-MD-12-006,section ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new the oer glossary and the phs398 application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nimhd intends to commit $10,000,000 in fy 2013. award budget application budgets need to reflect actual needs of the proposed project and are limited to $250,000 direct costs per year. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation; see not-od-05-004 . award project period the maximum project period is three years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AI-14-008,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the following nih components intend to commit the following amounts in fy 2015: niaid, $7,987,000, nichd, $1,187,000, nimh $500,000 (combined 2-4 awards). funding is contingent upon nih appropriations, and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget the total direct cost per year for each sratp application will depend upon the number of sustained release strategies (srss) requested. applicants may request the following maximum direct costs per year based on the number of srs proposed in the application: one srs: $800,000 two srss: $1,600,000 three srss: $2,400,000 award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DK-13-012,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niddk and niaid intend to commit an estimated total of $3m to fund 6-9 awards in fy 2014. award budget application budgets are limited to $225,000 direct costs per year. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-MH-12-050,section ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the nimh intends to commit approximately $1,500,000 in fy 2012 to fund up to 7 grants in response to this foa. award budget direct costs, across all years are limited to $900,000, excluding consortium f&a costs, if applicable. the r21 phase may not exceed two years or $300,000 in direct costs over the two year period, with no more than $225,000 in direct costs in any single year. the r33 phase may not exceed three years with no more than $225,000 in direct costs per year. award project period the total project period for an application submitted in response to this foa may not exceed five years. the r21 phase may not exceed two years and the r33 phase may not exceed three years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-RM-16-012,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the nih common fund intends to commit an estimated total of $1,000,000 per year for up to 5 years to fund up to 4 awards. the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious proposals. award budget application budgets are limited to $250,000 per year in total costs. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years other award budget information stipends, tuition, and fees awards provide stipends as a subsistence allowance to help defray living expenses during the research training experience. the cost of trainee tuition and fees may be supported by the award. trainee travel trainee travel, lodging and per diem to attend scientific conferences and workshops that the institution determines to be necessary for the individuals research training experience are allowable expenses. training related expenses applicants may include costs to support mentored research projects for trainees. one-time advanced in-country research training support of up to $20,000 direct costs per trainee for mentored research to be undertaken by a long-term trainee in his/her country may be included. nih will provide funds to help defray other research training expenses, such as trainee health insurance, staff salaries, consultant costs, research supplies, and faculty/staff travel directly related to the research training program. other training-related expenses (e.g., books, laptop computers, and english language proficiency courses, etc.) may be included. support from this award should not be used to acquire major infrastructure (purchase of capital equipment costing more than $5,000 is not allowed). software and platform subscription or license costs may be included, as well as internet or cellular connectivity costs that are necessary for establishing the proposed training program. senior/key personnel salary: the salary for the pd(s)/pi(s), other key personnel, training faculty and administrative staff must be commensurate with the salary structure and benefits at the institution where they are employed and within the limits described at https://grants.nih.gov/grants/policy/salcap_summary.htm . collaborators may receive appropriate compensation for significant activities on the program. the administrative, training or teaching responsibilities and time commitment for personnel receiving salary should be thoroughly described and justified. senior/key personnel travel: funds may be requested for round-trip economy airfare on u.s. carriers (to the maximum extent possible), lodging and per diem for training responsibilities and to attend necessary meetings, including annual h3africa consortium meetings. pd(s)/pi(s) are expected to attend the annual h3africa consortium meetings and may also budget for other key faculty, collaborators and trainees to attend. however, support for senior/key personnel, faculty and collaborators to attend other scientific conferences is not allowed. indirect costs indirect costs (also known as facilities & administrative [f&a] costs) are reimbursed at 8% of modified total direct costs (exclusive of tuition and fees, consortium costs in excess of $25,000, and expenditures for equipment), rather than on the basis of a negotiated rate agreement. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HG-13-012,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nhgri intends to commit $10 million in total costs in fy 2014 and to make 5-8 awards, depending on the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. award budget application budgets are not limited, but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the total project period for an application submitted in response to this foa may not exceed three years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-MH-05-007,section ii. award information 1. mechanism(s) of support this funding opportunity will use the nih research project grant (r01) and the collaborative r01 for clinical and services studies of mental disorders and aids ( http://grants.nih.gov/grants/guide/pa-files/pa-01-123.html ) award mechanism(s). as an applicant, you will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this funding opportunity uses the just-in-time budget concepts. it also uses the non-modular budget format described in the phs 398 application instructions. it also uses the non-modular budget format described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). a detailed categorical budget for the "initial budget period" and the "entire proposed period of support" is to be submitted with the application. 2. funds available nih (nimh, ninds, nidcd, nichd, niehs), cihr (inmha, ihdcyh, ig), hrb, sarrc, can and naar intend to commit approximately $4,295,000 dollars in fy 2005 to fund 2 3 new grants in response to this rfa. individual yearly commitments are as follows: nimh, $500,000; ninds, $500,000; nidcd, $100,000; nichd, $100,000; niehs, $200,000; inmha, $75,000; ihdcyh, $75,000; ig, $75,000; hrb, $1,250,000 ( 1,000,000); sarrc, $20,000; can, $100,000; and naar, $1,300,000. an applicant may request a project period of up to 5 years. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) and other sponsors provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. the anticipated start date for new awards will be september 30, 2005.
RFA-AR-14-016,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards issuing ics and amp partners intend to commit an estimated total of up to $4 million in fiscal year 2014 to fund 3-6 awards. award budget the application budgets for uh2 and uh3 stages are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the total project period for an application in response to this foa may not exceed five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-ES-19-010,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trial(s). note: appointed participants are permitted to obtain research experience in a clinical trial led by a mentor or co-mentor. need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards niehs intends to commit $1,000,000 in fy 2020 to fund 9 awards. award budget application budgets may not exceed $100,000 in direct costs annually and need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. other award budget information personnel costs individuals designing, directing, and implementing the research education program may request salary and fringe benefits appropriate for the person months devoted to the program. salaries requested may not exceed the levels commensurate with the institution's policy for similar positions and may not exceed the congressionally mandated cap. (if mentoring interactions and other activities with participants are considered a regular part of an individual's academic duties, then any costs associated with the mentoring and other interactions with participants are not allowable costs from grant funds). up to $50,000 combined salary, administrative, clerical or other staff with responsibilities directly associated with designing, directing and administering the institutional research education program can be requested. this may include the pd(s)/pi(s), training director, and/or recruiting officer, as appropriate to the proposed program. salaries and fringe benefits for the program mentors may not be supported with r25 funds. participant costs participants' are the undergraduate students who benefit from the proposed research education program. allowable participant costs depend on the educational level/career status of the individuals to be selected to participate in the program, and the duration of the summer experience. salary support is allowed for junior and senior level undergraduate students participating in a research experience, as long as there is an employee-employer relationship between the students and the institution. the salary and fringe benefits for an undergraduate participant should be consistent with the institutional salary policies for employees in similar positions. reasonable accommodations for individuals with disabilities: as part of this award, funds may be requested to make changes or adjustments in the research setting that will make it possible for an otherwise qualified participant with a disability to perform the essential functions associated with his/her role on the project. the accommodations requested under this program must be directly related to the performance of the proposed role on the research project and must be appropriate to the disabilities of the individual. some types of accommodations that might be provided include specialized equipment, assistive devices and personnel such as readers, interpreters, or assistants. in all cases, the total funds for accommodations must be reasonable and documentation of the disability should be included when a request for additional funds is made post-award. these additional funds are in excess of the expenses allowed under "participation costs" above. because the r25 program is not intended as a substitute for an nrsa institutional training program (e.g., t32), costs to support full-time participants (supported for 40 hours/week for a continuous, 12-month period) are not allowable. other program-related expenses consultant costs, equipment, supplies, travel for key persons, and other program-related expenses may be included in the proposed budget. these expenses must be justified as specifically required by the proposed program and must not duplicate items generally available at the applicant institution. up to $3000 per participant may be requested for education related expenses directly for the benefit of the participant, including research costs and participants travel expenses to scientific meetings to present their research projects. however, note that funds may not be expended to cover the costs of travel between the participants place of residence and the grantee institution, except that the sponsoring institution may authorize the cost of a travel allowance in an individual case of extreme hardship. funds for the pd(s)/pi(s) to travel to annual niehs training directors grantee meetings in research triangle park, nc should be included in the budget request. equipment and room & board are not an allowable cost for this program. other program-related expenses must be justified as required by the proposed niehs up program and must not duplicate items generally available for educational programs at the applicant institution. indirect costs indirect costs (also known as facilities & administrative [f&a] costs) are reimbursed at 8% of modified total direct costs (exclusive of tuition and fees and expenditures for equipment), rather than on the basis of a negotiated rate agreement. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-HL-11-018,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity will use a cooperative agreement award mechanism. in the cooperative agreement mechanism, the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) retains the primary responsibility and dominant role for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project, with nih staff being substantially involved as a partner with the principal investigator, as described under the section vi. 2. administrative requirements , "cooperative agreement terms and conditions of award ." this is a one-time solicitation to fund sarp for six years. it is expected that mechanistic studies and longitudinal protocol will be completed within the six-year time period. plans beyond the current funding period are indefinite. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses non-modular budget formats described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). this funding opportunity will use a cooperative agreement award mechanism. in the cooperative agreement mechanism, the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) retains the primary responsibility and dominant role for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project, with nih staff being substantially involved as a partner with the principal investigator, as described under the section vi. 2. administrative requirements , "cooperative agreement terms and conditions of award". 2. funds available the total amount of funding that nhlbi expects to award for sarp (for up to six clinical centers and one ccc) is $31.5 million for a project period of six-years. designated funding levels are subject to change at any time prior to award, due to unforeseen budgetary, administrative, or scientific developments . the nhlbi anticipates awarding up to six clinical centers in response to this foa, and one clinical coordinating center in response to a related foa (see rfa-hl-11-030 ). the nhlbi expects to award approximately $24.0 million total costs over six years for up to six clinical centers. in addition to the funds awarded directly to the clinical centers, protocol funds (approximately $4.0 million total costs) will be included in the clinical coordinating centers grant award and will be distributed by the ccc to the clinical centers in accordance with steering committee and nhlbi approved budget to execute a shared longitudinal protocol. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation, see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. section
RFA-AI-08-007,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this foa will use the r01 award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts (see sf424 (r&r) application guide ) . it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ) . specifically, a u.s. organization submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs) must use the phs398 modular budget component. u.s. applicants requesting more than $250,000 in annual direct costs and all foreign applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component. 2. funds available niaid intends to commit approximately $4.5m in total costs for this foa for fiscal year 2009 to fund 5-10 applications . because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds. support may be requested for up to $350,000 per year in direct costs over a four year period. applicants may request up to an additional $150,000 in direct costs for any year if non-human primate research is proposed and is adequately justified. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-CA-21-025,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials. need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the nci intends to commit $4,600,000 in fy 2022 to fund 4 awards. future year amounts are anticipated to be at the same levels but will ultimately depend on annual appropriations. award budget application budgets for each center may not exceed $750,000 in direct costs per year and need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period applicants may request up to 5 years of support. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-AI-20-029,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new renewal to rfa-ai-13-006 and rfa-ai-12-005 the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards niaid intends to commit $17 million in fy 2021 to fund 5-7 awards and includes $4 million annually to support an ancillary studies fund. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. niaid anticipates that the yearly direct costs per award for clinical trials and/or studies will be approximately $2 million. this amount does not include the ancillary studies fund (asf). the budget for the asf is limited to $4 million direct costs/year. award project period the project period must be 7 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-DA-15-007,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nida intends to commit $1.5m in each fiscal year (fy 2015-2017) to fund 2-3 awards. award budget application budgets are limited to $300,000 in direct costs each year for five years, plus applicable facilities and administrative (f&a) costs to be determined at the time of award. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-RM-14-001,ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nih intends to commit $3 million in fy 2014 to fund approximately 10 awards. award budget no more than $200,000 in direct costs may be requested in a single year. award project period the project period may not exceed two years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AG-19-031,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nia intends to commit $160,000 total costs in fy 2019 to fund 1 award. award budget direct costs may not exceed $80,000. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-OD-13-199,section ii. award information funding instrument the funding instrument will be the same as the parent award. application types allowed non-competing administrative supplements funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon funds received by nih from the disaster relief appropriations act of 2013 (p.l. 113-2), and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. award budget this funding mechanism provides for the following options: 1) a funded extension of the current budget period at the same funding level as the current year of the grant, with 24 months to expend the awarded funds; and/or, 2a) one-time administrative supplements of up to $50,000 in direct costs (exclusive of any consortium f&a) to replace lost and/or damaged research resources such as small pieces of equipment or their repair, supplies, reagents, animals, etc. ; and/or 2b) up to $100,000 to replace a single item of equipment so long as that request is accompanied by well-documented support for the need to replace that item of equipment. if an applicant chooses to request funds using both options 2a and 2b, the total amount requested may not exceed $100,000. applicable f&a costs should also be requested. excluded from the one-time supplement options are salaries, training costs, alterations and renovation, travel and recurring supplies (only replacement supplies can be requested). if both a funded extension and one-time administrative supplement(s) are approved and awarded, the amount of the supplement(s) will be deducted from the amount provided for the funded extension of support. for both options, funds must be obligated and expended within 24 months of issuance of the initial supplement notice of award. no-cost extensions are prohibited. award project period 1) for the funded extension option, the application will request 24 months of additional time. 2) for the one-time administrative supplement options, the project and budget periods may be within the currently approved project period for the existing parent award if at least 24 months remain. however an extension of the current project period should be requested if less than 24 months remain in the current period. the requested budget period may not exceed 24 months. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-NS-18-006,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new resubmission revision the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? clinical trials not allowed for due dates on or after january 25, 2018: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards ninds intends to commit $1,200,000 in fy 2018 to fund approximately five awards. award budget the combined budget for direct costs for the entire project period may not exceed $700,000. no more than $350,000 may be requested in any single year. award project period support may be requested for up to four years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-LM-15-003,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nlm intends to commit $12 million in fy2016 to fund 8 awards. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the proposed project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HD-09-012,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity will use the nih core center research (p30) grant award mechanism(s). the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses non-modular budget formats described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). 2. funds available the estimated amount of funds available for support of three centers awarded as a result of this announcement is $ 3.23 million for fiscal year 20 10 . future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. an applicant for a new grant may request a budget for direct costs of $750,000 the first year. an applicant for a renewal grant may request a budget for initial year direct costs of $750,000 or the amount representing an increase of up to 1 percent above the direct costs awarded in the final noncompeting (type 5) year, whichever is greater. the total project period for an application submitted in response to this funding opportunity may not exceed five years. budget increments for subsequent years will have a three percent limit. budgets for new and renewal applications will undergo stringent review within these guidelines. applications with budgets that exceed these guidelines will be deemed by nichd to be non-responsive to this foa and will be returned without review. the cost of a proposed center will be a material consideration in the selection of applications for funding. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. section
RFA-DA-19-031,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new (phase i) new (fast-track) the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) sbir/sttr application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nida intends to commit $2m in fy 2019 to fund 3-5 awards, depending on the mix of the different application types (e.g. phase i or fast-track). award budget according to statutory guidelines, total funding support (direct costs, indirect costs, fee) normally may not exceed $150,000 for phase i awards and $1,000,000 for phase ii awards. with appropriate justification from the applicant, congress will allow awards to exceed these amounts by up to 50% as a hard cap ($225,000 for phase i and $1,500,000 for phase ii). however, nih has received a waiver from sba, as authorized by statute, to exceed the hard cap of $225,000 for phase i or $1,500,000 for phase ii for specific topics. the current list of approved topics can be found at https://sbir.nih.gov/funding#omni-sbir . applicants are strongly encouraged to contact nih program officials prior to submitting any application in excess of the guidelines and early in the application planning process. in all cases, applicants should propose a budget that is reasonable and appropriate for completion of the research project. award project period according to statutory guidelines, award periods normally may not exceed 6 months for phase i and 2 years for phase ii. applicants are encouraged to propose a project duration period that is reasonable and appropriate for completion of the research project. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-HG-12-012,section ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new the oer glossary and the phs398 application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nhgri intends to commit $ 650,000 in fy 2013 to fund up to 2 p20 grants. award budget developmental p20 grant applications may request up to $175,000 direct costs per year. award project period the maximum period of support for a p20 development grant is three (3) years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. section
RFA-NR-10-002,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this foa will use the r21 award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts (see sf424 (r&r) application guide ) . it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ) . specifically, a u.s. organization submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs) must use the phs398 modular budget component. u.s. applicants requesting more than $250,000 in annual direct costs must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component. 2. funds available the total project period for an application submitted in response to this funding opportunity may not exceed two years. direct costs of up to $200,000 per year may be requested, for a maximum of $275,000 direct costs over a two year project period. the total amount of funding that ninr expect(s) to award through this announcement is $1.875 million for 4-6 projects split between this foa and the parallel foa of identical scientific scope, rfa-nr-10-001 (r01). because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-MH-14-214,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the following nih components intend to commit the following amounts in fy 2014: nimh, $1,500,000 ninds, $1,500,000 nida, $1,000,000 nia, $500,000 award budget support may be requested for up to $800,000 in direct costs (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs) over a four-year period, prorated for shorter terms ($600,000 for three years, $400,000 for two years). regardless of the term of support, direct costs (excluding consortium f&a costs) may not exceed $250,000 in any one year. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 . award project period support may be requested for up to four years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-ES-11-012,ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new the oer glossary and the phs398 application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niehs and nsf intend to fund an estimate of 3-4 awards, corresponding to a total of $4.2 million, for fy 2012. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget direct costs are limited to $900,000 per year for a 5-year period. award project period the total project period for an application submitted in response to this funding opportunity may not exceed 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-NS-14-010,ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new renewals revisions the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the nih blueprint institutes intend to commit approximately $2.5m in fy 2015 to fund between five and ten awards in response to this foa. awards issued under this foa are contingent upon the availability of funds and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. because the nature and scope of the proposed research education program will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. the total amount awarded and the number of awards will depend upon the quality, duration and costs of the applications received. award budget although the size of award may vary with the scope of the research education program proposed and there are no specific budget limitations, the requested direct costs must be reasonable, well documented, fully justified and commensurate with the scope of the proposed program. award project period the total project period for an application submitted in response to this funding opportunity may not exceed 5 years. other award budget information personnel costs individuals designing, directing, and implementing the research education program may request salary and fringe benefits appropriate for the person months devoted to the program. salaries requested may not exceed the levels commensurate with the institution's policy for similar positions and may not exceed the congressionally mandated cap. (if mentoring interactions and other activities with participants are considered a regular part of an individual's academic duties, then any costs associated with the mentoring and other interactions with participants are not allowable costs from grant funds). limited administrative and clerical salary costs associated distinctly with the program that are not normally provided by the applicant organization may be direct charges to the grant only when specifically identified and justified. salary support for the pd/pi/ (or combination of multiple pds/pis) is limited to up to 3.6 person months (i.e., 30% on a 12-month basis), depending on person months devoted to the administration of the program. program coordinators are allowed as long as their role is clearly defined and significantly different from the roles of the pds/pis. the duties and responsibilities of the program coordinators, with strong justification, must be included in the budget justification. participant costs participants may be paid if specifically required for the proposed research education program and sufficiently justified. participant costs must be itemized in the proposed budget. salary support is allowed for sophomore, junior and/or senior year undergraduate students participating in a research experience, as long as there is an employee-employer relationship between the students and the institution. the total compensation must be reasonable and commensurate with the institutions support scale for the work performed. support for students is not provided for time spent by the students participating in this programs sponsored, non-research activities, e.g., group learning/training activities. it is a goal of this initiative that the nih blueprint institutes will convene an annual meeting that will bring together bp-endure program directors and participating students. the purpose of the meeting will be to discuss best practices and provide a forum for student scientific and academic enhancing activities. travel for attendance to this meeting should be included in the proposed budget. the application should provide a description of any cost sharing (financial and otherwise) for the off-site summer research experiences being provided by the bp-endure partnering institutions. the applicant should clearly indicate any support (financial and otherwise) being provided by the off-site institution(s) to assist in covering or defraying costs associated with the participants summer research training experiences. providing funds for summer travel and modest housing arrangements for participants in the off-site summer programs by partnering institutions is encouraged. each year, program-supported students must be formally appointed to the bp-endure program using the nihs statement of appointment form (phs 2271 statement of appointment, http://grants.nih.gov/training/phs2271.pdf .) because the r25 program is not intended as a substitute for an nrsa institutional training program (e.g.,t32), costs to support full-time participants (supported for 40 hours/week for a continuous, 12-month period) are not allowable. other program-related expenses consultant costs, equipment, supplies, travel for key persons, and other program-related expenses may be included in the proposed budget. these expenses must be justified as specifically required by the proposed program and must not duplicate items generally available at the applicant institution. cost of consultants for evaluation of the program is allowed; however, if the evaluator is an employee of one of the collaborating institutions, the cost must be included in the category of key personnel salary. indirect costs indirect costs (also known as facilities & administrative [f&a] costs) are reimbursed at 8% of modified total direct costs (exclusive of tuition and fees and expenditures for equipment), rather than on the basis of a negotiated rate agreement. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AI-07-040,ii. award information 1. mechanism(s) of support this funding opportunity will use the nih challenge grant (rc1) award mechanism. the rc1 grant is used by niaid to support accelerated product research and development efforts in targeted areas. as an applicant, you will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. a detailed categorical budget for the "initial budget period" and the "entire proposed period of support" is to be submitted with the application. note: requested 18 month budget should be prepared using one set of sf 424 research & related budget forms . all 18 months of funding should be requested within the initial budget period budget period. 2. funds available niaid/barda intend to commit approximately $4 million in fy 2008 to support research and development projects under this initiative. applicants may request up to $1 million in total costs for a project period not to exceed eighteen months. although the financial plans of niaid provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications.
RFA-HD-10-001,section ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity will use the u54 award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses non-modular budget formats described in the phs 398 application instructions (see https://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). this funding opportunity will use a cooperative agreement award mechanism. in the cooperative agreement mechanism, the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) retains the primary responsibility and dominant role for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project, with nih staff being substantially involved as a partner with the principal investigator, as described under the section vi. 2. administrative requirements , "cooperative agreement terms and conditions of award". 2. funds available the estimated amount of funds available from the nichd, nci, and obssr for support of 1 project awarded as a result of this announcement is $4.25m in total costs for fiscal year 2011. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. each application can request up to five years of funding. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation, see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-CA-12-014,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement application types allowed new the oer glossary and the phs398 application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the national cancer institute intends to commit an estimated total of $7.5 million for up to 1 award in fy 2014. future amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget application budgets are not limited, but need to reflect actual needs of the proposed project. award project period 5 years nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AG-19-021,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new resubmission the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. nia intends to commit $1.7 million in fy 2019 to fund approximately 15 awards. award budget application budgets are limited to $75,000 in direct costs per year. award project period the project period is limited to 2 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-AA-18-005,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards {niaaa} intends to commit ${675,000 dollars} in fy {2018} to fund {up to 9} awards. award budget budgets must reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the maximum project period may not exceed 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-EB-15-006,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the nih brain initiative intends to fund an estimate of 15 to 20 awards, corresponding to a total of up to $6 million for fiscal year 2016. award budget application budgets not limited, but are expected to range between $150,000 to $250,000 direct costs per year. investigators are expected to request a budget that is required to accomplish the proposed work. award project period awards are for three years of support. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DE-19-010,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nidcr intends to commit $ 8m in fy 2020 to fund 2 awards. award budget application budgets are limited to $4m in direct costs per application and need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-DK-12-022,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new renewal resubmission the oer glossary and the phs 398 application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the niddk intends to commit $1,000,000 in fy 2013 to support 3-4 centers. award budget applicants may request no more than $200,000 in direct costs per year. the maximum budget for the education enrichment program is $25,000. award project period scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 2 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HL-12-007,ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the nhlbi intends to commit $26.8 million over 5 years to fund 5-7 grants. the nhgri intends to commit $5 million over 5 years to the program. award budget direct costs should not exceed $350,000 in year 1 and $3.5 million for the 5-year period. award project period 5 years nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HD-09-007,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this foa will use the research project grant (r01) award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts (see sf424 (r&r) application guide ) . it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ) . specifically, a u.s. organization submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs) must use the phs398 modular budget component. u.s. applicants requesting more than $250,000 in annual direct costs must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component. 2. funds available the eunice kennedy shriver national institute of child health and human development intends to commit approximately $1 million dollars in fiscal year 2010 to fund 2 applications. the direct cost requested may not exceed $350,000 per year per application. up to 5 years of support may be requested. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-NS-21-007,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards ninds intends to commit $2,250,000 in fy 2021 to fund 3-5 awards. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-HD-15-009,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new renewal resubmission the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nichd intends to commit $1,602,262 in fy 2015 to fund 4-5 awards. award budget nichd expects requested direct costs to range from $100,000 to $700,000 per year. requested first-year direct costs may not exceed (1) the applicant center's externally funded research and research training in population dynamics for either fy 2013 or fy 2014; or (2) the upper limit based on active population scientists in the center, whichever is lower. externally funded research project funding : requested first year direct costs may not exceed the direct costs of the center's annual externally funded support for population dynamics research and training; centers may select either fy 2013 or fy 2014 as the base. number of active population dynamics center scientist/maximum requested first-year direct costs: active scientists maximum direct costs 5 to 6 $100,000 7 to 10 $160,000 11 to 20 $310,000 21 to 30 $450,000 31 to 40 $580,000 40 or more $700,000 award project period the total project period for an application submitted in response to this foa may not exceed five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-CA-10-002,section ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this foa will use the nih r33 (phase ii developmental) award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts (see sf424 (r&r) application guide ) . it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ). specifically, a u.s. organization submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $300,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs) should use the phs398 modular budget component. all foreign applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component . 2. funds available the nci intends to commit approximately $2,250,000 in fy 2010. the nci anticipates funding up to 7 awards. the total project period for an application submitted in response to this foa may not exceed 3 years with a combined budget appropriate for the science proposed and direct costs cannot exceed $300,000 for any given year. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HD-12-186,ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new renewal resubmission the oer glossary and the phs398 application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations, and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. the nichd intends to fund between 4 and 6 new and/or renewal awards, corresponding to a total of $2.4 million in total costs in fy 2012. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget nichd expects requested direct costs to range from $100,000 to $700,000. requested direct cost for specialized research infrastructure and public infrastructure only applications may not exceed $150,000 first year direct costs. requested direct costs have upper limits based on the total number of active and qualifying population scientists in the center. the maximum allowable first year direct costs for a center with 6 or fewer active/qualifying population scientists is $100,000; for 7 to 10 scientists is $160,000; for 11 to 20 scientists is $310,000; for 21 to 30 scientists is $450,000; for 31 to 40 scientists is $580,000; for more than 40 scientists is $700,000. this limit does not apply to public infrastructure only applications. direct cost requests have upper limits based on the center's level of externally funded research. requested first year direct costs may not exceed the center's externally funded research in population science, based on the direct costs of grants, contracts, and cooperative agreements in fy 2011 or fy 2010, whichever is greater. this limit does not apply to public infrastructure only applications. direct cost requests have upper limits based on prior population science research infrastructure support from the nichd demographic and behavioral sciences branch, rfa-hd-10-020 and predecessor foas. for applicants with prior dbsb research infrastructure support renewals and recipients of developmental infrastructure grants requested first year direct costs may not exceed 120% of direct costs during the recent (penultimate or last) non-competing (type 5) budget year. applicants requesting an increase in annual direct costs compared with the recent non-competing (type 5) direct costs must provide persuasive evidence that prior dbsb research infrastructure support increased the impact and pace of the centers population science research. award project period the total project period for an application submitted in response to this foa may not exceed five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-MH-08-131,section ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this foa will use the nih collaborative research project grant (collaborative r01) award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. applications must be submitted as a linked group or set of r01s, usually one r01 per participating pd/pi. for each set of linked collaborative r01 applications, the same protocol must be submitted by each site. see section iv.6 - special instructions for collaborative r01 applications for detailed instructions for preparing linked r01 applications submitted in response to this foa. failure to follow the requirements for linked collaborative r01s, as specified in this foa, will result in the return of the applications without review. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts (see sf424 (r&r) application guide ) . it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ) . specifically, a u.s. organization submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs) must use the phs398 modular budget component. u.s. applicants requesting more than $250,000 in annual direct costs and all foreign applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component. 2. funds available the nimh intends to commit approximately 5 million dollars in fy2008 to fund 7-8 awards across this and the parallel foa, mh-08-130 (r01). because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-NS-16-017,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the following nih components intend to commit the following amounts in fy 2016: nih blueprint for neuroscience research, $300,000, to fund up to 1 award. ninds, $240,000, to fund up to 1 award. award budget direct costs of up to $250,000 per year may be requested. to the extent possible, the budget should be designed to defray participant costs in the years when the courses will be held. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. the first year may be devoted to curriculum development and planning, with courses held annually thereafter. other award budget information personnel costs individuals designing, directing, and implementing the research education program may request salary and fringe benefits appropriate for the person months devoted to the program. salaries requested may not exceed the levels commensurate with the institution's policy for similar positions and may not exceed the congressionally mandated cap. (if mentoring interactions and other activities with participants are considered a regular part of an individual's academic duties, then any costs associated with the mentoring and other interactions with participants are not allowable costs from grant funds). while there are no caps on personnel costs beyond the standard nih policies, applicants are strongly urged to minimize personnel expenses during the years when courses will be held so that most of the funds in those years can be used to defray participant costs. participant costs to the extent possible, the budget should be designed to defray participant costs. course registration costs to participants should be covered under the proposed budget. participants in the short course may receive a per diem to help cover meals and assistance with temporary housing. expenses for participant travel must be exceptionally well justified. the participants in the short courses should be primarily independent researchers and senior-level post-doctoral researchers. individuals supported by nih training and career development mechanisms (k, t, or f awards) may receive, and indeed are encouraged to receive, educational experiences supported by the r25 mechanism, as participants, but may not receive salary or stipend supplementation from a research education program. because the r25 mechanism is not intended as a substitute for an nrsa institutional training program (t32), costs to support full-time participants (supported for 40 hours/week for a continuous, 12-month period) are not allowable. other program-related expenses consultant costs, equipment, supplies, travel for key persons, and other program-related expenses may be included in the proposed budget. these expenses must be justified as specifically required by the proposed program and must not duplicate items generally available at the applicant institution. indirect costs indirect costs (also known as facilities & administrative [f&a] costs) are reimbursed at 8% of modified total direct costs (exclusive of tuition and fees and expenditures for equipment), rather than on the basis of a negotiated rate agreement. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HL-13-013,ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations, and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. nhlbi intends to fund up to 4 awards, corresponding to a total of $800,000 for fiscal year 2013. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. nhlbi intends to commit fy 2014, $2.4m; fy 2015, $2.4m; and fy 2016, $800,000 for 4 awards. award budget application budgets are not limited, but need to reflect actual needs of the proposed project. award project period 4 years nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HG-06-001,ii. provide costs broken down into the following categories. costs in each category should include management, administrative support, personnel, supplies, reagents, informatics support, and indirect costs associated with each category a-j. a. base production costs. state as total costs and cost per q20 kbp, this includes, in addition to the above: management lims, informatics support and costs associated with coordination on shared projects, amortized equipment costs (amortized over three years) associated with shotgun sequencing, incremental bioinformatics improvements, incremental technology development, (i.e., improvements to technologies already incorporated into production), routine automated bac assembly, data submission. provide information separately for 1. small insert plasmids; 2. large-insert plasmids; 3. wgs fosmids; 4. bac-ends. b. library construction costs. c. whole genome assembly costs. d. assembly assessment and validation costs. this includes assembly assessment and validation, and assembly quality assessment, map and sequence integration. e. heterozygosity testing f. manual annotation costs g. exploratory bioinformatics development. this includes new and risky development activities, such as building and testing new bioinformatics platforms that have or have not yet been integrated into the production pipeline. h. assembly methods development i. annotation methods development j. exploratory technology development. this includes new and risky development activities, such as building and testing new sequencing platforms or robotics that may or may not be integrated into the production pipeline. b. costs and throughput for finished sequence production : provide the total number of finished bases produced, and the total costs associated with finishing (over and above those associated with production of the unfinished data) c. costs and throughput for pcr-directed sequencing : provide the total number of bases and the total number of amplicons produced, and the costs associated with small amplicon sequencing (assumes complete coverage with two reads, one on each dna strand). please include: i. throughput and pass rate: provide the total number of q20 bases produced; the total number of reads produced; the pass rate (=successful reads/attempted reads). for amplicons greater than 200 bases long, a successful read is defined as a read with 100 bases or more of amplicon sequence in q20s. for amplicons less than 200 bases long, a successful read is defined as a read with in 50% or more of the amplicon length in q20s. ii. provide total costs, for each of the directed sequencing activities below. each category should include the pro-rated costs for management, administrative support, personnel, supplies, reagents, informatics support and indirect costs associated with each of category a-f below a. base production costs, stated as total cost, cost per q20 kbp, and per read this includes, in addition to the above: management lims, informatics support and coordination associated with coordination on shared projects, amortized equipment costs (amortized over three years) associated with directed sequencing, primer costs including all primers purchased during the quarter, incremental bioinformatics improvements, incremental technology development, (i.e., improvements to technologies already incorporated into production), routine target assembly, data submission. b. exploratory bioinformatics development. this includes new and risky development activities, such as building and testing new bioinformatics platforms that may or may not be integrated into the production pipeline. c. exploratory technology development. this includes new and risky technology development activities, such as building and testing new sequencing platforms or robotics that may or may not be integrated into the production pipeline. d. quality assessment e. analysis. includes funds used for analysis of directed sequencing, e.g., mutation detection f. assay design and validation. d. costs and throughput for other directed sequencing. directed sequencing outside of small amplicons is still in a stage that it is not yet clear what progress information needs to be collected. the applicant is asked to describe the types of projects as well as success and issues with each approach. please provide total q20 bp and number of reads produced and total costs associated with producing other types of pcr directed sequencing. e . costs and throughput for additional activities not part of the above . please list other activities and associated costs. this may include: i. mapping all activities associated with generating maps (including bioinformatics and development) ii. genome analysis biological analysis of data
RFA-DK-09-005,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity will use the nih p30 center core grant award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses non-modular budget formats described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). 2. funds available the estimated amount of funds available for support of five centers awarded as a result of this announcement is $6 million for fiscal year 20 11 . future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. an applicant may request a project period of up to five years and a budget for direct costs up to $750,000 per year. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation, see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. section
RFA-CA-11-003,section ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity will use the u54 award mechanism(s). the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses non-modular budget formats described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). this funding opportunity will use a cooperative agreement award mechanism. in the cooperative agreement mechanism, the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) retains the primary responsibility and dominant role for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project, with nih staff being substantially involved as a partner with the principal investigator, as described under the section vi. 2. administrative requirements , "cooperative agreement terms and conditions of award". 2. funds available the nci has committed $13m in total costs for fy2011 and $65m in total costs over a 5 year period for this u54. approximately 9-12 awards for prospr research center are expected as a result of this foa. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. it is expected that budget requests for most applications will be between $0.75 million and $1.5 million per year (total costs). higher budgets may be requested if justified, e.g., by an exceptional breadth of the research programs proposed. however, no requests may exceed $2 million per year (total costs). applicants may request project period of 5 years. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation; see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. section
RFA-DK-19-008,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards niddk intends to commit $1,500,000 in fy 2020 to fund 2-3 awards. award budget application budgets are limited to $500,000 direct costs per year and need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-AG-14-007,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the national institute on aging intends to commit $600,000 in fy 2014 to support 3-4 awards. the nih office of behavioral and social sciences research intends to commit $175,000 in fy 2014. the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations, and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. award budget application budgets may not exceed $175,000 per year in direct costs and need to reflect actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-RM-13-003,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the total amount of funds available for this award is approximately $650,000 for fy14 contingent upon receiving scientifically meritorious applications. three to five awards are anticipated in fy14. award budget application budgets should not exceed $250,000 total costs per year in fy14 and fy15 and must reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the total award period for this foa is 2 years (fy14 through fy15). nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HG-21-036,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards issuing ic and partner components intend to commit an estimated total of ${37.5m total costs} to fund {3} awards. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-AI-16-080,ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niaid intends to commit $11 million in fy2018 to fund up to 5 awards. award budget budgets for direct costs of up to $2,000,000 per year may be requested. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AI-19-005,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? required: only accepting applications that propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards niaid and partner components intend to commit an estimated total of up to $12.5m, depending on funds availability, in core funding in fy21 for 1 award. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 7 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-GM-17-001,section ii. through the revision option, consortia that were funded through rfa-gm-16-001 may request support to add new institutions and pd/pis and/or add new participating laboratories from non-host institutions. this option may be used to request operating costs and/or equipment. in accordance with the objectives of this foa, the purpose of a revision is support for either adding more non-host cryoem laboratories to consortia, and/or expanding data collection capacity for laboratories from non-host institutions. this foa does not address all of the research needs that have been identified for cryoem. for example, these awards will not directly support (a) new users entering the cryoem field, (b) research other than cryoem data collection, and (c) service for non-specialists. nigms will address the larger questions of broader access to cryoem in its strategic planning process, which is now underway. activities not supported by this foa include (a) adoption of cryoem by new users. laboratories that do not already have an independent track record of specialization in cryoem as an established research focus will not be supported by these consortia. (b) research. it is expected that direct electron detection will open numerous research opportunities, not only for structure analysis, but also for technical research and development. although the infrastructure provided by this foa will help enable such research, this foa is intended only to support infrastructure and access, and not to directly fund research. in this respect it differs from resources that support research applications and technology development in addition to service and infrastructure. consortia are dedicated solely to the purpose of data collection by the participating cryoem laboratories and, should not include other research activities. (c) service. these consortia differ from resources in which the host laboratory performs full service technical analysis for non-specialist collaborating laboratories. they are dedicated solely to the purpose of data collection by the participating regional cryoem laboratories and do not provide other services. this foa specifies restrictions in purpose, eligibility and scientific scope, including kinds of laboratories, pds/pis, and activities supported. applications that request support that is outside the scope of this foa may be deemed non-responsive or receive lower priority in award consideration. a faq (frequently asked questions) for this foa is posted at http://www.nigms.nih.gov/research/pages/cryoem-consortia-rfa-gm-16-001.aspx . because the restricted scope for this foa, potential applicants are strongly advised to discuss their plans with the scientific/research contact listed below.
RFA-RR-10-005,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this foa will use the r01 award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts (see sf424 (r&r) application guide ) . it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ) . specifically, a u.s. organization submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs) must use the phs398 modular budget component. u.s. applicants requesting more than $250,000 in annual direct costs and all foreign applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component. 2. funds available the funding for this f o a is expected not to exceed $ 2 .5m in direct costs per year . the number of awards is expected not to be more than 5. although the size of award may vary with the scope of research proposed, it is expected that applications will stay within the budgetary guidelines for an r01 research project. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AI-14-048,ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the niaid intends to commit $2.5 million in total costs in fy2015 to fund two to four awards. award budget applications budgets are not limited, but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed projects. as a guideline, the approximate range of funding in direct costs for similar awards has been $0.25 to $0.6 million per year. award project period because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. the total award period requested for this foa may not exceed five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DA-21-020,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nih intends to fund approximately 20-25 research sites from this foa and its companion ( rfa-da-21-021 ), corresponding to a total of $26,000,000 for fiscal year 2021. future year amounts are contingent upon annual appropriations. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the maximum project period is five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-MH-15-800,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nimh and nichd intend to commit $ 3,525,000 in direct costs in fy 2015 to fund one award. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the maximum project period is 4 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-MH-16-100,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nimh intends to commit an estimate of $2,000,000 in fy 2016 to fund 4-5 awards in response to this foa and the companion r21 foa. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. ninds intends to commit approximately $1,500,000 in fy 2016 to fund 3-4 awards in response to this foa and the companion r01 foa. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the total project period for an application submitted in response to this foa may not exceed five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DA-11-013,section ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards issuing ic and partner components intend to commit an estimated total of $4 million over 5 years for 3 awards. award budget applications are limited to no more than $250,000/year in direct costs. award project period projects can be funded for a maximum of 5 years. other award budget information personnel costs individuals designing, directing, and implementing the research education program may request salary and fringe benefits appropriate for the person months devoted to the program. salaries requested may not exceed the levels commensurate with the institution's policy for similar positions and may not exceed the congressionally mandated cap. (if mentoring interactions and other activities with students/participants are considered a regular part of an individual's academic duties, then any costs associated with the mentoring and other interactions with students/participants are not allowable costs from grant funds). participant costs participants are those individuals who benefit from the proposed science education program. in exceptional cases, participants may be paid if specifically required for the proposed science education project and sufficiently justified. participant costs must be itemized in the proposed budget. other program-related expenses consultant costs, equipment, supplies, travel for key persons, and other program-related expenses may be included in the proposed budget. these expenses must be justified as specifically required by the proposed program and must not duplicate items generally available at the applicant institution. indirect costs indirect costs (also known as facilities & administrative [f&a] costs) are reimbursed at 8% of modified total direct costs (exclusive of tuition and fees and expenditures for equipment), rather than on the basis of a negotiated rate agreement. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. section
RFA-CA-09-001,section ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity will use the nih specialized center (p50) grant mechanism. this funding opportunity will use the p50 center grant award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses non-modular budget formats described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). each applicant institution may submit only one application. both new applications and competitive continuation applications (from previous cphhd awardees) may be submitted. resubmission applications will not be accepted. funds available the nih intends to commit approximately $14 million in fy2009 to fund five to eight new and/or renewal (i.e., competing continuation) cphhd specialized center (p50) awards. the nci has committed up to $10 million in fiscal year 2009 to fund three to five center grants, with a total set-aside of $60 million over the course of 5 years. the nhlbi has set aside $18 million over 5 years to fund two center awards. an applicant may request a project period of up to 5 years. the budgets for years 2 through 5 of the project may not exceed an escalation of three (3) percent on recurring direct costs. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will differ among applications, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award may also differ. although the financial plans of the nci, nhlbi, and obssr provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation; see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-TR-20-003,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? required: only accepting applications that propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. award budget the budget is limited to $3,000,000 direct costs/year. award project period the project period may be up three years. however, given the nature of the pandemic, many studies should be completed expeditiously - within one or two years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-NS-09-001,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this foa will use the nih research education grant (r25) award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time concepts (see sf424 (r&r) application guide ). it also uses the non-modular budget format. applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the sf424 research and related (r&r) budget component found in the application package for this foa. 2. funds available because the nature and scope of the proposed research education program will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award may vary. although the financial plans of the ninds provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. base (year 1) support for research education programs. the total project period for an application submitted in response to this funding opportunity may not exceed 5 years. although the size of the award may vary among research education programs, applications must stay within the following budgetary guideline: direct costs requested in the initial application may be up to $70,000 per participant, annually. in the primary grant, support will be provided to cover salary plus fringe for 80% participant effort (four full days per week), for a period of 9 to 12 months per participant. salary support will be calculated as the duration of 80% research effort times the base salary level of the participant. it is anticipated that most programs will initially receive support for one new participant during the first year. once a grant has been awarded, supplemental requests for support of additional participants may be submitted (see below). support for participant travel to one meeting per year may also be requested. supplemental requests for support in years 2 - 5. support for participants in years 2 5 will be administered via administrative supplements. requests for supplemental funding may be made for one of three reasons. 1) in years 2 5, supplemental funds may be requested to support a new participant, who will begin during residency. this participant must be identified and a brief description of the research education program tailored for this participant must be described. these supplements will be awarded on a competitive basis, based on suitability of the proposed participant and available funds. 2) supplements may be requested to continue the training/education during fellowship years of a participant who has completed at least 6 months of support under this foa during residency. each participant may receive up to 24 months of support via this funding mechanism. whereas these requests will be examined to ensure the continuation of meritorious participants, these requests will not compete with other requests. all participants who begin this program during residency will receive additional support during a research fellowship year, subject to satisfactory progress and an appropriate training/education plan. 3) some programs may be poised to provide mentoring, training and research education to multiple outstanding residents. each year, supplemental requests may be submitted for support of additional participants. supplements may be requested to support participant salary and fringe, plus travel to one meeting, and may not exceed $70,000 direct cost per participant. there is no limit to the number of participants a program may request support for, but requests on behalf of outstanding candidates from institutions with fewer participants may be given preference. submission and evaluation of supplemental requests. applications will be evaluated administratively, and funds will be allocated, depending on availability of funds, based on evidence of the participants potential in research and the programs record of success in transitioning residents and fellows to independent mentored funding. applications for supplemental support should be prepared by the prospective participant, not by the pd/pi of the primary application. supplement applications must be prepared using the phs 398 forms . applications should consist of a 3 page (maximum) description of the research education and research plan. this application must be co-signed by the pd/pi of the primary r25 award and the signing institutional official responsible for administration of the award. mentors must be chosen from those listed in the primary application. in addition to the 3 page description, participants should include a curriculum vita, and a letter of support from the proposed mentor that describes the mentoring and research plan for this participant. applications for supplemental support to continue in the program in the fellowship year should include, in addition to the 3 page description of future research and training plans, a brief (2 - 3 pages) description of progress made during the residency year. whereas the components of the supplement application(except for the letter of support from the proposed mentor) are to be prepared by the prospective participant, the administrative supplement must be submitted by the pd/pi of the primary grant and sent directly to the chief, ninds scientific review branch, on paper forms. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants will not be supported. all awards are subject to the availability of funds. the estimated amount of funds available for support of projects awarded as a result of this announcement is up to $ 1.5m for fiscal year 2009. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-OD-18-008,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new resubmission the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? required: only accepting applications that propose an independent clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the awards under this foa will be administered by nih using designated funds from the fda ctp for tobacco regulatory science. fda intends to commit $1.5 million to support 6-10 awards to foa pathway to independence award in tobacco regulatory research (k99/r00 - independent clinical trial required ) and pathway to independence award in tobacco regulatory research (k99/r00 - independent clinical trial not allowed ). awards are contingent upon funds available from the fda and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. award budget award budgets are composed of salary and other program-related expenses, as described below. award project period the total project period may not exceed 5 years. other award budget information salary fda ctp will contribute up to $ 90,000 per year toward the salary of the career award recipient. further guidance on budgeting for career development salaries is provided in the sf424 (r&r) application guide.see also not-od-17-094 intramural : budget details for the mentored phase will be negotiated with the sponsoring intramural laboratory institute/center and salary will be consistent with that offered new scientists in similar positions. funding will be provided by the fda center for tobacco products. extramural : mentored candidates at an extramural sponsoring institution/organization will be supported by nih extramural funds. the requested salary must be consistent both with the established salary structure at the institution and with salaries actually provided by the institution from its own funds to other staff members with equivalent qualifications, rank, and responsibilities in the department concerned. further guidance on budgeting for career development salaries is provided in the sf424 (r&r) application guide. the total salary may not exceed the legislatively mandated salary cap. see: https://grants.nih.gov/grants/policy/salcap_summary.htm . independent phase (r00 ) the total cost for the independent phase (r00) may not exceed $249,000 per year. this amount includes salary, fringe benefits, research costs, and applicable indirect costs. indirect costs will be reimbursed at the extramural sponsoring institution's indirect cost rate. indirect costs requested by consortium participants are included in the total cost limitation. other program-related expenses fda ctp will contribute $ 60,000 per year toward the research development costs of the award recipient, which must be justified and consistent with the stage of development of the candidate and the proportion of time to be spent in research or career development activities. research expenses may include (a) tuition and fees related to career development activities; (b) supplies, equipment and technical personnel; c) travel to research and grantee meetings or training; and (d) statistical services including personnel and computer time. salary for mentors, secretarial and administrative assistants, etc. is not allowed. indirect costs for the extramural k99 phase, indirect costs (also known as facilities & administrative [f&a] costs) are reimbursed at 8% of modified total direct costs. for the r00 phase, indirect costs will be reimbursed at the extramural sponsoring institution's indirect cost rate. nih grant policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-CA-21-056,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s). need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nci intends to commit $ 5 million in fy 2022 to support up to 6 awards. award budget application budgets are limited to $500,000 in direct costs per year. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-NS-16-023,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new revision the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards ninds intends to fund two awards, corresponding to an estimated $3 million in direct costs, for fiscal year 2016. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget application budgets are limited to $1,500,000 in direct costs per year and budgets need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-ES-10-009,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the phs398 application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations, and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. niehs intends to commit an estimated total of $2 million for 7-10 awards. award budget application budgets are limited to $150,000 direct cost per year and need to reflect actual needs of proposed project. because of the nature of the research program, budgets may vary across the 4 years. award project period the maximum period is 4 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HD-15-011,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. nichd intends to commit $ 4,762,800 in total costs in fy 2015 to fund up to 14 awards in response to this foa. award budget the applicant may request direct cost budgets of up to $315,000 per year. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. other award budget information personnel costs individuals designing, directing, and implementing the career development program may request salary and fringe benefits appropriate for the person months devoted to the program. salaries requested may not exceed the levels commensurate with the institution's policy for similar positions and may not exceed the congressionally mandated cap. if mentoring interactions and other activities with scholars are considered a regular part of an individual's academic duties, then mentoring and other interactions with scholars are non-reimbursable from grant funds. no compensation may be requested for the program director/principal investigator (pd/pi). salary and fringe benefits may be requested for the research director for up to 1.2 person months of effort. if the pd/pi serves a dual role (i.e., functions as both the pd/pi and the research director), up to 1.2 person months may be requested for the combined position. limited program-related administrative and clerical salary costs associated distinctly with the program that are not normally provided by the applicant organization may be direct charges to the grant only when they are in accordance with applicable cost principles. for institutions covered by omb circular a-21, this type of training program may qualify as a major project where administrative salaries are allowable as a direct cost. when specifically identified and justified, these expenses must be itemized in sections a and b, as appropriate, of the r&r budget. partial salary for a dedicated recruiting officer may be requested (maximum 1.2 person months effort). if the research director also functions as the recruiting officer, effort cannot exceed 2.4 person months for the combined roles. salary for a part-time program assistant with responsibilities directly associated with the institutional career development program can be requested, if applicable and justified. salaries must be commensurate with institutional policy for similar positions. items that may not be supported with k12 grant funds include: salaries and fringe benefits for the pd/pi or program mentors, unless the pd/pi also serves as research director (see above); direct support of the mentors' laboratories beyond those expenses directly attributable to the scholar's project; salary and support for central institutional administrative personnel (e.g., budget officers, grant assistants, and building maintenance personnel), which are usually paid from institutional overhead charges; and salary and support for administrative activities such as institutional public relations or health and educational services. scholar costs scholars are those individuals who benefit from the proposed activities and experiences involved in the career development program. scholar costs must be justified as specifically required for the proposed career development program and based on institutional policies for salaries paid to individuals in similar positions, regardless of the source of funds. these expenses must be itemized in the proposed budget. the program will support scholars for periods of approximately two to five years consisting of consecutive 12-month appointments. up to $250,000 direct costs annually may be requested for scholar costs. costs for each individual scholar are limited to $125,000 per year, which includes up to $100,000 salary and fringe benefits. the total salary requested must be based on a full-time, 12-month staff appointment and requires scholars to devote a minimum of 9 person months (equivalent to 75 percent) of full-time professional effort toward health-related research and career development activities, with the remaining effort being devoted to activities related to the development of a successful career as a physician-scientist. the institution may supplement the nih salary contribution up to a level that is consistent with the institution's salary scale; however, supplementation may not be from federal funds unless specifically authorized by the federal program from which such funds are derived. institutional supplementation of salary must not require extra duties or responsibilities that would interfere with the purpose of the program. each scholar award includes $25,000 annually for research and career development costs. allowable costs under this category may include: 1) research expenses such as supplies, equipment and technical personnel, including expenses generated in the laboratories of the established investigators who serve as mentors; 2) travel to receive training or attend scientific meetings where the scholar will be presenting wrhr-funded work; 3) tuition, fees, or books; and 4) computer services. these research and development costs must be related to the scholar's research activities. they cannot be pooled and used for other programs unrelated or indirectly related to the research activities of individual scholars. other program related expenses consultant costs, equipment, supplies, travel for key persons, and other program-related expenses may be included in the proposed budget. these expenses must be justified as specifically required by the wrhr program and must not duplicate items generally available at the applicant institution. allowable costs include: scholars, as well as the pd/pi and research director, are expected to attend an annual wrhr program meeting. the meeting allows scholars to present their research to peers and senior investigators. funds should be requested in the budget for this purpose. travel may also be requested for one additional training or scientific meeting per year for current scholars. minimal costs can be allocated for advertising and recruitment in order to attract the best candidates nationally. some laboratory costs may be provided to scholars to offset expenses of the scholar's research project related to k12 training. these costs may include partial salary support for technical assistants and statisticians. administrative support services that are directly associated with and necessary for the wrhr program, and are not covered by institutional overhead charges, may be requested. allowable costs include supplies, duplicating equipment, telephone, or maintenance contracts for equipment. items that may not be supported with k12 funds include: travel of the pd/pi, research director, or program mentors to scientific meetings other than the yearly wrhr program meeting; patient care costs such as inpatient bed days or outpatient visits, except for clinical laboratory analyses essential for the scholars research; and alterations and renovations. indirect costs indirect costs (also known as facilities & administrative [f&a] costs) are reimbursed at 8% of modified total direct costs (exclusive of tuition and fees, consortium costs in excess of $25,000, and expenditures for equipment), rather than on the basis of a negotiated rate agreement. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-CA-11-002,section ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed phase iib competing renewal (phase iib, formerly phase ii competing renewal) resubmission (only for those previously submitted in response to rfa-ca-08-021 and rfa-ca-10-009) the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) sbir/sttr application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the following nih components intend to commit the following amounts in fy 2011: nci/sbir development center, $10,000,000, up to 10 awards. award budget budgets up to $1,000,000 total costs per year may be requested. award project period durations up to 3 years for the sbir phase iib bridge award (phase iib) may be requested. project periods must not exceed 3 years under this foa. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. section
RFA-NS-16-019,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards ninds intends to commit up to $750,000 dc in fy 2016 to fund 1 award. award budget application budgets can be up to $750,000 in direct costs, but must reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AI-14-004,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the following nih components intend to commit the following amounts in fy 2015: niaid, $5.5 million, nhlbi, $5.5 million, nimh, $0.25 million, for a total of 3-6 awards award budget application budgets are limited to $1.5 million in direct costs per year and should reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AR-15-002,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards issuing ic and partner components intend to commit an estimated total of $4.5m to fund up to three awards. award budget applicants may request up to $1m in direct costs/year (exclusive of facilities and administrative costs of subcontracts with collaborating organizations). award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-GM-14-002,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nigms intends to commit $6,750,000 total costs in fy2014. the number of awards is anticipated to be 3. award budget projects are limited to total direct costs of $1,500,000 per year but total cost cannot exceed $2,250,000 per year. award project period the maximum period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-RM-21-010,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the nih common fund (office of strategic coordination) intends to commit $3.5m total costs per year in fy2021 to fund up to 1 award. the award is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficiently meritorious applications. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-AR-06-003,section ii. award information 1. mechanism(s) of support this funding opportunity will use the p50 award mechanism(s). as an applicant, you will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this funding opportunity uses the just-in-time budget concepts. it also uses the non-modular budget format described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). a detailed categorical budget for the "initial budget period" and the "entire proposed period of support" is to be submitted with the application. 2. funds available the niams expects to award up to $6 million dollars in total costs in fy 2006 through this announcement; up to 4 awards are anticipated; direct costs of up to $1,000,000 per year may be requested; september 30, 2007 , is the earliest possible award date; the project period will be up to 5 years. the national institute of arthritis and musculoskeletal and skin diseases intends to commit up to $6 million dollars in fy 2007 to fund up to 4 new grants in response to this rfa. an applicant may request a project period of up to 5 years and a budget for direct costs up to $1,000,000 dollars per year. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation, see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/guide/notice-files/not-od-05-004.html .
RFA-DA-08-009,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity announcement (foa) will use the nih research project grant ( r01) award mechanism. the applicant will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ). specifically, if you are a u.s. organization and are submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs), use the phs398 modular budget component provided in the sf424 (r&r) application package and sf424 (r&r) application guide (see specifically section 5.4, modular budget component, of the application guide). u.s. applicants requesting more than $250,000 in annual direct costs and all foreign applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component found in the application package for this foa. see not-od-06-096 , august 23, 2006. at this time, it is not known if this foa will be reissued. 2. funds available because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the institutes and centers (ics) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. the national institute on drug abuse intends to commit approximately $2,000,000 in fiscal year 2008 to fund 4-7 applications. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. f&a costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 , november 2, 2004. section
RFA-ES-15-013,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nih intends to fund 5-6 awards corresponding to a total of $3m for fiscal year 2016. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget budgets are limited to $300,000 direct costs. application budgets need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AG-17-001,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nia intends to commit $1.85 million as total costs in fy 2017 to fund three awards. award budget direct costs for each application may not exceed $450,000 per year. award project period the maximum project period is five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DK-16-508,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niddk intends to commit up to $8 million in fiscal year 2017 to support the continuation of edic under rfa-dk-16-508 and rfa-dk-16-509. it is expected that one award will be made for the clinical research center under this foa, and that one award will be made to the edic biostatistics research center under the companion rfa-dk-16-509. award budget the application budget is limited to $3.5 million per year in direct costs for the entire project period (exclusive of subcontract f&a). budgets should reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the maximum project period is five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-MH-17-500,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nimh intends to commit $2,500,000 in fy 2017 to fund 5-7 awards. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years; however, applicants are strongly encouraged to limit the proposed project period to 3-4 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-OD-11-004,section ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed resubmission renewal the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations, and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. the obssr, nccam, nci, and nichd intend to commit $940,000 to support a maximum of 4 awards in fy 2012. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget budgets for total costs of up to $235,000 per year may be requested. award project period the maximum project period is 4 years. other award budget information personnel costs individuals designing, directing, and implementing the research education program may request salary and fringe benefits appropriate for the person months devoted to the program. salaries requested may not exceed the levels commensurate with the institution's policy for similar positions and may not exceed the congressionally mandated cap. (if mentoring interactions and other activities with students/participants are considered a regular part of an individual's academic duties, then any costs associated with the mentoring and other interactions with students/participants are not allowable costs from grant funds). participant costs participants are those individuals who benefit from the proposed education program. in some instances, partcipants may be paid if specifically required for the proposed research education program and sufficiently justified. participant costs must be itemized in the proposed budget allowable participant costs depend on the educational level/career status of the individuals to be selected to participate in the program. while generally not an allowable cost, with strong justification, participants in the research education program may receive partial costs of meals unless such costs are furnished as part of the registration fee. participants may also receive funds to defray partial tuition, and other education-related expenses. expenses for foreign travel must be exceptionally well justified. individuals supported by nih training and career development mechanisms (k, t, or f awards) may receive, and indeed are encouraged to receive, educational experiences supported by the r25 mechanism, as participants, but may not receive salary or stipend supplementation from a research education program. because the r25 mechanism is not intended as a substitute for an nrsa institutional training program (t32), costs to support full-time participants (supported for 40 hours/week for a continuous, 12-month period) are not allowable. other program-related expenses consultant costs, equipment, supplies, travel for key persons, and other program-related expenses may be included in the proposed budget. these expenses must be justified as specifically required by the proposed program and must not duplicate items generally available at the applicant institution. indirect costs indirect costs (also known as facilities & administrative [f&a] costs) are reimbursed at 8% of modified total direct costs (exclusive of tuition and fees and expenditures for equipment), rather than on the basis of a negotiated rate agreement. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HD-21-017,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new renewal resubmission the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials note: appointed scholars are permitted to obtain research experience in a clinical trial led by a mentor or co-mentor. need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the nichd intends to commit up to $1.836m in fy 2021 to fund up to 4 awards. the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget award budgets are limited to $425,000 direct costs per year. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum period is 5 years. other award budget information personnel costs individuals designing, directing, and implementing the career development program may request salary and fringe benefits appropriate for the person months devoted to the program. salaries requested may not exceed the levels commensurate with the institution's policy for similar positions and may not exceed the congressionally mandated cap. if mentoring interactions and other activities with scholars are considered a regular part of an individual's academic duties, then mentoring and other interactions with scholars are non- reimbursable from grant funds. the salaries of administrative and clerical staff should normally be treated as indirect (f&a) costs. direct charging of these costs may be appropriate only if all of the following conditions are met: (1) administrative or clerical services are integral to a project or activity; (2) individuals involved can be specifically identified with the project or activity; (3) such costs are explicitly included in the budget or have the prior written approval of the federal awarding agency; and (4) the costs are not also recovered as indirect costs. when specifically identified and justified, these expenses must be itemized in sections a and b, as appropriate, of the r&r budget. allowable costs: up to $25,000 may be requested to support all persons who are involved in designing, directing, and administering the k12 program. this may include the pd(s)/pi(s), training director, recruiting officer, or administrative, clerical, or other staff with responsibilities directly associated with the institutional career development program. maximum allowable cost is for all staff combined. items that may not be supported with k12 funds include: salaries and fringe benefits for the program mentors. salary and support for central institutional administrative personnel (e.g., budget officers, grant assistants, and building maintenance personnel), which are usually paid from institutional overhead charges. salary and support for administrative activities such as institutional public relations or health and educational services. scholar costs scholar costs: scholars are those individuals who directly benefit from the proposed activities and experiences involved in the career development program. scholar costs must be justified as specifically required for the proposed career development program and based on institutional policies for salaries paid to individuals in similar positions, regardless of the source of funds. these expenses must be itemized in the proposed budget. the chrcda program is designed to support 3 scholar positions per year at each of the awarded sites. the nichd will provide up to $125,000 in direct costs per year for each scholar. this amount includes salary, fringe benefits, and research and career development expenses as itemized below. salary and fringe benefits: scholars may receive up to $100,000 per year for salary and fringe benefits, consistent with the institution's salary scale. scholars must spend at least 9 person-months (equivalent to 75 percent) of full-time professional effort conducting research and research career development activities. the total salary requested for each scholar must be based on a full-time, 12-month staff appointment. it must be consistent with the established salary structure at the institution and with salaries actually provided by the institution from its own funds to other staff members of equivalent qualifications, rank, and responsibilities in the department concerned. if full-time, 12-month salaries are not currently paid to comparable staff members, the salary proposed must be appropriately related to the existing salary structure. the scholar's institution may supplement the nih salary contribution up to a level that is consistent with the institution's salary scale from non-federal sources; however, supplementation may not be from federal funds unless specifically authorized by the federal program from which such funds are derived. institutional supplementation of salary must not require extra duties or responsibilities that would interfere with the purpose of the program. research and career development support: within each scholar's $125,000 direct cost award, up to $25,000 per year may be allocated for research and career development costs. allowable research expenses may include: (1) research expenses such as supplies, equipment and technical personnel, including expenses generated in the laboratories of the established investigators who serve as mentors; (2) travel to attend the annual scholar's meeting; (3) travel to receive training or attend scientific meetings; (4) tuition, fees, or books; and (5) technical support for data analysis and statistical or computer services. these research and development costs must be related to the scholar's research activities. they cannot be pooled and used for other programs unrelated or indirectly related to the research activities of individual scholars. items that may not be supported with each scholar's research and career development support category include: direct support of the laboratories, travel, and research projects of the investigators serving as mentors beyond those expenses directly attributable to the scholar's project. other program related expenses consultant costs, equipment, supplies, travel for key persons, and other program-related expenses may be included in the proposed budget. these expenses must be justified as specifically required by the proposed program and must not duplicate items generally available at the applicant institution. other program-related expenses, including non-scholar travel and meeting costs, are limited to $25,000 per year. this allowance may be used for the pd(s)/pi(s), other faculty, or advisory committee members to attend the annual scholars meeting or other organizational/administrative meetings associated with the k12 program. items that may not be supported with k12 funds include: travel of the pd(s)/pi(s), training director, or program mentors to scientific meetings other than those involving k12 program-specific activities. patient care costs such as inpatient bed days or outpatient visits, except for clinical laboratory analyses essential for a scholar's research. alterations and renovations. indirect costs indirect costs (also known as facilities & administrative [f&a] costs) are reimbursed at 8% of modified total direct costs (exclusive of tuition and fees, consortium costs in excess of $25,000, and expenditures for equipment), rather than on the basis of a negotiated rate agreement. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-RM-18-036,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the nih intends to commit $2,000,000 in fy 2019, contingent upon receiving scientifically meritorious applications s. approximately 5 awards are anticipated from this solicitation. award budget direct costs are limited to a maximum of $320,000 in each year. award project period the maximum project period is 3 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-DE-12-003,section ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nidcr intends to commit $3 million in total costs in fy 2012 to support 6-8 projects. award budget application budgets are not limited, but need to reflect actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the total project period for an application submitted in response to this foa may not exceed five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DK-12-006,ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the niddk intends to commit $1,500,000 in fy 2012. award budget application budgets are limited to an annual direct cost per application of $150,000. award project period the total project period for an application submitted in response to this foa may not exceed 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-GM-13-005,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement application types allowed new the oer glossary and the phs398 application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nigms intends to commit $1,500,000 total costs in fy 2013. award budget application budgets are limited to $500,000/year direct costs. this figure does not include subcontract f&a. award project period the maximum award project period is 5 years.. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AR-16-001,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niams intends to commit up to $6 million in fy 2016 to fund a maximum of four awards. the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. award budget application budgets are limited to $1m direct costs per year. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HG-15-032,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new resubmission renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nhgri intends to commit $1,500,000 in each of fy 2016-2018 to fund 1-3 new awards per year. the actual number of awards and amount are contingent on nih appropriations, and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. award budget an applicant may request direct costs of up to $700,000 per year. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 4 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HD-22-005,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s). need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nichd intends to commit $1,600,000 in fy 2022 to fund up to 3 awards. award budget application budgets are limited to $390,000 in direct costs per year, but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the maximum project period is 4 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-RM-19-003,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nih intends to fund up to 12 awards in fy 2020 and commit $3,000,000 total costs per year. award budget application budgets are limited to $250,000 direct costs with no funds allowable for alterations and renovations, large equipment, and student financial support. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 4 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-RM-19-007,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nih common fund intends to commit approximately $8 million dollars in fy 2020 and make approximately 7 awards, depending on the size and scope of the most meritorious awards. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the maximum project period is five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-AR-19-002,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards niams intends to commit up to $2.0 million direct costs in fy2019 to fund a maximum of four awards. the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. award budget application budgets are limited to $500,000 direct costs per year. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-DK-20-023,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed resubmission new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards niddk intends to commit $2,000,000 in fy 2022 to fund 3-4 awards. award budget application budgets are limited to $500,000 direct costs per year and should reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-HL-09-001,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this foa will use the nih research project grant (r01) award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts (see sf424 (r&r) application guide ) . it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ) . specifically, a u.s. organization submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs) must use the phs398 modular budget component. all foreign applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component. 2. funds available the nhlbi intends to commit approximately $1.6 million dollars in fy 2009 to fund 4-5 applications, and $3.2 million in fy 2010 will be available to fund 8-9 new grants under this foa. an applicant may request a project period of up to 4 years and a budget for direct costs up to $250,000 (10 modules) per year. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the nhlbi provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AG-15-012,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nia intends to commit $800,000 in fy2015 to fund 4 t32 awards. award budget each institutional training program may appoint up to 4 trainees annually. budgets need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. grantees are expected to be familiar with and comply with applicable cost policies and the nrsa guidelines ( nih grants policy statement - institutional research training grants ). funds may be used only for those expenses that are directly related to and necessary for the research training and must be expended in conformance with omb cost principles, the nih grants policy statement , and the nrsa regulations, policies, guidelines, and conditions set forth in this document. award project period awards will be made for five years. other award budget information stipends, tuition, and fees kirschstein-nrsa awards provide stipends as a subsistence allowance to help defray living expenses during the research training experience. nih will contribute to the combined cost of tuition and fees at the rate in place at the time of award. the most recent stipend, tuition, and fee levels are described on the ruth l. kirschstein national research service award (nrsa) site. visit nih grants policy statement : ruth l. kirschstein national research service awards for more information. trainee travel trainee travel to attend scientific meetings and workshops that the institution determines to be necessary for the individuals research training experience is an allowable trainee expense for predoctoral trainees. training related expenses expenses (r90) nih will provide funds to help defray other research training expenses, such as health insurance, staff salaries, consultant costs, equipment, research supplies, and faculty/staff travel directly related to the research training program. the most recent levels of training related expenses are described on the ruth l. kirschstein national research service award (nrsa) site. visit nih grants policy statement : ruth l. kirschstein national research service awards for more information. indirect costs indirect costs (also known as facilities & administrative [f&a] costs) are reimbursed at 8% of modified total direct costs (exclusive of tuition and fees, consortium costs in excess of $25,000, and expenditures for equipment), rather than on the basis of a negotiated rate agreement. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HL-13-027,ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new resubmission the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations, and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. the national heart, lung, and blood institute intends to commit $2,500,000 in fy 2013 and fy 2014 to fund up to 10 r21s in each year. award budget direct costs will vary with the scope of the project. support for the r21 phase will be for two years. direct costs are limited to $275,000 over an r21 two-year period, with no more than $150,000 in direct costs in any single year of the r21 phase. the r33 phase may not exceed three years and direct costs are limited to $1,000,000 with no more than $375,000 in direct cost in any single year of the r33 phase. transition to the r33 phase is not automatic and, nhlbi anticipates that a maximum of sixty percent (60%) of the funded r21 phase awards will progress to the r33 award. award project period the total project period for an application submitted in response to this foa cannot exceed five years. awards will support milestone-driven exploratory/feasibility proof-of-concept studies (two-year r21 phase), with possible rapid transition to expanded development (three-year r33 phase). conversion to the r33 phase is not automatic and is contingent upon satisfactory progress towards meeting and achieving the r21 milestones, programmatic review, and the availability of funds. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-GM-14-009,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the phs 398 application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nigms intends to commit $9 million (total costs) in fy 2014. award budget application budget direct costs may not exceed $2 million, not including f&a costs of subcontracts, in any single year. award project period the total project period for an application submitted in response to this funding opportunity may not exceed five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-ES-13-012,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new renewal resubmission revision the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niehs intends to fund an estimate of 4 - 6 awards, corresponding to a total of $7.5m, for fiscal year 2015. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget application budgets are limited to $1.3m direct costs per year. award project period the project period is limited to 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-CA-12-003,section ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new resubmission the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nci appropriations, and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. nci intends to commit $3,500,000 in fy 2013 to this foa to support up to 10 awards. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget direct costs cannot exceed $300,000 in any single year. application budgets must reflect actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the total project period may not exceed 3 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-RM-15-011,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nih intends to fund an estimate of 2-4 awards in fy2016. the amount of funds available for these awards is $150,000 for fy2016, and a total of approximately $54,500,000 for fiscal years 2017-2021. actual amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget application budgets are limited to $50,000 direct costs in the first year, $2,000,000 direct costs in year 2, $4,500,000 direct costs in each of years 3 through 5, and $3,500,000 direct costs in year 6. budgets should reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period applicants should request a project duration of six years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-CA-11-004,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity will use the nih u01 cooperative agreement award mechanism(s). the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses non-modular budget formats described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). this funding opportunity will use a cooperative agreement award mechanism. in the cooperative agreement mechanism, the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) retains the primary responsibility and dominant role for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project, with nih staff being substantially involved as a partner with the principal investigator, as described under the section vi. 2. administrative requirements , "cooperative agreement terms and conditions of award". 2. funds available the estimated amount of funds available for support of one coordination center awarded as a result of this announcement is $ 2 million for fiscal year 2011, and $10 million over 5 years. applicants may request a project period of up to five years, and a budget (in total cost) up to $2 million per year in total costs. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation, see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. section
RFA-HD-08-004,section ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity announcement (foa) will use the nih research project grant ( r01) award mechanism. the applicant will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ). specifically, if you are a u.s. organization and are submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs), use the phs398 modular budget component provided in the sf424 (r&r) application package and sf424 (r&r) application guide (see specifically section 5.4, modular budget component, of the application guide). u.s. applicants requesting more than $250,000 in annual direct costs and all foreign applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component found in the application package for this foa. see not-od-06-096 , august 23, 2006. at this time, it is not known if competing renewal (formerly competing continuation ) applications will be accepted or if this foa will be reissued . 2. funds available because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the institutes and centers (ics) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. the participating organization, the national institute of child health and human development intends to commit approximately $2,500,000 dollars in total direct costs in fiscal year 2009 to fund 5-8 applications.
RFA-GM-14-003,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed revision, resubmission. all applications for this foa must be revisions of an existing nigms parent grant. first submissions of revision applications, and resubmissions of revision applications that originally responded to rfa-gm-13-003, or to the first submission date for this foa, are allowed. no other resubmissions are allowed. the "new" application type is not applicable to this foa and should not be specified. the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. nigms intends to commit $3,200,000 total costs in fy 2014 for this foa. award budget the maximum award budget is $75,000/year direct costs. this figure does not include subcontract f&a. award project period the maximum award project period is until the end of the currently awarded parent project period. to qualify for a year of support, applications should be submitted at least 20 months before the end of project's last budget period. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-CA-13-002,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new resubmission, only for applications submitted in response to this foa or prior issuance of this foa ( rfa-ca-12-003 ). the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nci intends to fund approximately 10 awards, corresponding to approximately $3,500,000 in total costs for fiscal year 2014. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget direct costs are limited to $900,000 over a 3-year period, with no more than $300,000 in direct costs allowed in any single year. application budgets must reflect actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the total project period may not exceed 3 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-MH-19-400,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new resubmission the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards issuing ic and partner components intend to commit an estimated total of $3 million in fy2019 to fund up to 8 awards. award budget application budgets are limited to $300,000 in direct costs in any project year and need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 4 years?. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-TW-21-002,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards fic and partner components intend to commit an estimated total of $4.2 million for fy2022 for the combined linked (u01 and u2r) awards, corresponding to approximately seven linked hub awards. the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. award budget anticipated budget total costs may not exceed $300,000 per year. the u2r application budget should be developed in close coordination with the linked u01 research application ( rfa-tw-21-001 ) because the combined budget for both linked u01 and u2r applications cannot exceed $600,000 in total costs per year (including 8% f&a) and at least 50% of the combined budget must be in the lmic's u01 application. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. other award budget information stipends, tuition, and fees awards may provide stipends as a subsistence allowance to help defray living expenses during the research training experience and contribute to the combined cost of tuition and fees at u.s. or foreign institutions. trainees must be paid a stipend comparable to their professional experience. trainee travel trainee travel for research training at a collaborating institution or to attend scientific meetings and workshops that the institution determines to be necessary for the individuals research training experience is an allowable trainee expense for long term trainees. training related expenses and other program related expenses awards will provide funds to help defray other research training expenses directly related to the research training program, such as health insurance, equipment, and research supplies, and costs for short courses or workshops directly related to the research training program. applicants may include costs to support mentored research projects to be undertaken in the lmic by medium- or long-term trainees as part of their training. direct costs should be limited to up to $20,000 per project per long-term trainee. similar costs for medium-term trainees should be commensurate with the amount of time spent on the research projects or the particular need for the project. these funds should not be used to support travel. only one project is allowed per trainee. salary for the pd(s)/pi(s), other key personnel, training faculty and administrative staff may be requested at levels commensurate with the salary structure and benefits at the institution where they are employed and within the limits described at http://grants.nih.gov/grants/policy/salcap_summary.htm . collaborators at partner institutions may receive appropriate compensation for their significant activities on the program, such as recruitment and selection activities, as well as mentorship or other program-related roles. the administrative, training or teaching responsibilities and time commitment for personnel receiving salary should be thoroughly described. funds may be requested for round-trip economy airfare on u.s. carriers (to the maximum extent possible) and lodging and per diem for the pds/pis and faculty to attend the annual program network meeting (usually in the u.s.). funds may be requested for faculty travel to conduct well-justified training activities. support for senior/key personnel, faculty and collaborators to attend other scientific meetings and conferences is not allowed. these expenses must be justified as specifically required by the proposed program and must not duplicate items generally available at the applicant institution. indirect costs indirect costs (also known as facilities & administrative [f&a] costs) are reimbursed at 8% of modified total direct costs (exclusive of tuition and fees, consortium costs in excess of $25,000, and expenditures for equipment), rather than on the basis of a negotiated rate agreement. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-DK-16-022,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niddk intends to commit $1,250,000 in fy 2017 to fund 5 awards. award budget application budgets are limited to annual direct costs of $150,000. award project period the maximum project period for an application submitted in response to this foa may not exceed five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-CA-08-024,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this foa will use the r01 award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts (see sf424 (r&r) application guide ) . it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ) . specifically, a u.s. organization submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs) must use the phs398 modular budget component. u.s. applicants requesting more than $250,000 in annual direct costs and all foreign applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related (r&r) budget component. 2. funds available because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the nci provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds. the nci intends to commit a total of approximately $2.5 million annually over 5 years to this foa and its partner foa ( rfa-ca-08-025 ). the nci anticipates funding a total of eight to ten awards between the partner foas. f&a costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation (see not-od-05-004 , november 2, 2004). nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-MH-18-251,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nimh and ninds intend to commit approximately $600,000 in fy 2018 to fund 1 award. although the financial plans of nimh and ninds provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds. funding beyond the first year will be contingent upon satisfactory progress during the preceding years and availability of funds. award budget budgets for direct costs may not exceed $600,000 per year. award project period the total project period for an application submitted in response to this foa may not exceed five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-RM-13-019,ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nih common fund intends to commit approximately $3,000,000 in fy 2014. approximately 7-10 awards are anticipated, contingent upon availability of funds and receipt of a sufficient number of award budget awards will be for up to $250,000 in direct costs per year, plus applicable facilities and administrative (f&a) costs. award project period the requested project period may not exceed five years. the purpose of this award is to support the development of programs but not to maintain them after 5 years. other award budget information personnel costs individuals designing, directing, and implementing the best program may request salary and fringe benefits appropriate for the person months devoted to the program. salaries requested may not exceed the levels commensurate with the institution's policy for similar positions and may not exceed the congressionally mandated cap. (if mentoring interactions and other activities with participants are considered a regular part of an individual's academic duties, then any costs associated with the mentoring and other interactions with participants are not allowable costs from grant funds). participant costs participants are the beneficiaries of this program, namely graduate students and postdoctoral individuals. no funds from this award may be used to cover or supplement wages or stipends of these individuals. tuition costs of these individuals are also covered by other sources, and therefore not allowable under this award. however, well justified travel of graduate students and postdoctoral scholars to program sites is allowable. expenses for foreign travel must be exceptionally well justified. other program-related expenses consultant costs, equipment, supplies, travel for key persons, and other program-related expenses may be included in the proposed budget. these expenses must be justified as specifically required by the proposed program and must not duplicate items generally available at the applicant institution. guest speakers, outside experts, consultant costs, administrative personnel, and other program-related expenses may be included in the proposed budget. these expenses must be justified as specifically required by the proposed program and must not duplicate items generally available at the applicant institution. awardees must budget for attendance of relevant personnel at an annual awardee meeting starting with the october 30-31, 2014, annual meeting, to be held in bethesda, md. expenses are not to exceed $1500 per person per trip. indirect costs indirect costs (also known as facilities and administrative [f&a] costs) are reimbursed on the basis of a negotiated rate agreement. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DK-15-504,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niddk intends to commit $7.3 million in fy 2016 to fund one award. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-MH-14-170,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new resubmission of unfunded applications in response to rfa-mh-13-030 the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nimh intends to commit approximately $1,500,000 in fy 2014 to fund 3-5 awards in response to this foa and the companion r21 foa. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. niaid intends to commit approximately $250,000 in fy 2014 to contribute funding towards awards in response to this foa. nida intends to commit approximately $2,000,000 in fy2014 to fund 4-6 awards in response to this foa and companion r21 foa. ninds intends to commit approximately $1,500,000 in fy 2014 to fund 3-5 awards in response to this foa and the companion r21 foa. award budget application budgets are not limited, but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the total project period for an application submitted in response to this foa may not exceed five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AG-17-002,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new resubmission the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nia intends to commit $2.35m in fy 2017 to fund up to 6 awards. award budget application budgets are limited to a maximum of $350,000 per year direct costs. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 4 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AI-07-025,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity announcement (foa) will use the nih research project grant ( r01) award mechanism. the applicant will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ). specifically, if you are a u.s. organization and are submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs), use the phs398 modular budget component provided in the sf424 (r&r) application package and sf424 (r&r) application guide (see specifically section 5.4, modular budget component, of the application guide). u.s. applicants requesting more than $250,000 in annual direct costs and all foreign applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component found in the application package for this foa. see not-od-06-096 , august 23, 2006. 2. funds available because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the institutes and centers (ics) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. the niaid intends to commit approximately $3 million dollars in fiscal year 2008 to fund 5-8 applications. an applicant may request a project period of up to 4 years and a budget for direct costs up to $500,000 per year. applications exceeding this amount will not be accepted for review. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. f&a costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 , november 2, 2004.
RFA-RM-16-016,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the nih common fund and partner components intend to commit up to $6m per year for up to five years to fund up to 6 awards. the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. award budget the requested budget needs to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. h3africa collaborative center applications are limited to $1,000,000 total costs per year, which include salaries, supplies, equipment, travel, and other allowed expenses for research grants. in order to address h3africa's goals to build infrastructure, applications for new h3africa collaborative centers may also request up to an additional $250,000 for equipment in the first or second year. all requests for equipment must be very well justified in terms of the needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed h3africa collaborative center project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-MH-18-606,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nimh intends to fund an estimate of 4-6 awards, corresponding to a total of $2,000,000, for fiscal year 2018. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. nimhd intends to commit $1,000,000 in fy2018 to fund approximately 2-3 awards. nida intends to commit $2,000,000 in fy2018 to fund approximately 4-6 awards. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-AI-20-056,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards niaid intends to commit $6 million in fy2022 to fund 3-4 awards. award budget application budgets are limited to $1.2 million direct costs per year which includes up to $80,000 in direct costs for up to two development and research program (drp) awards per year. application budgets need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed research program should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-TR-12-004,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nih intends to commit up to $20 million in fy2013 to fund six to eight uh2/uh3 or uh3 awards in response to this foa and the companion foa ( rfa-tr-12-005 ). future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget application budgets are not limited, but need to reflect actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the duration of the uh2/uh3 project period will not exceed three years. the duration of the project period is anticipated to vary between three months up to one year for the uh2, and up to two years for the uh3. funding of the uh3 award will be determined by successful completion of uh2 scientific milestones as determined by the nih. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AR-21-016,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials. need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. issuing ic and partner components intend to commit an estimated total of $5,000,000 to fund up to five awards for technology cores, 1 award for systems biology core, 1 award for tissue repository core and 1 award for research management unit pre-application webinar nih will hold a pre-application informational webinar for this foa on may 5, 2021, 12:00 - 2:00pm et. other details for the webinar and faqs will be posted at niams website . award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the uc2 is limited to five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-NS-13-008,section ii. award information funding instrument u01 cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the following nih components intend to commit the following amounts in fy 2013: ninds, $3.3 million to support co-funding of 1 award nibib, $250,000 to support co-funding of 1 award nidcd, $200,000 to support co-funding of 1 award award budget application budgets are not limited, but need to reflect actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-NS-15-003,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nih brain initiative intends to fund an estimate of up to 10-12 awards, corresponding to a total of up to $6.0 m, for fiscal year 2015. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period awards are for three years of support. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DK-18-006,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: accepting applications that do not propose clinical trial(s). note: appointed participants are permitted to obtain clinical trial research experience in a clinical trial led by a mentor or co-mentor. need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards niddk intends to commit $760,000 in fy 2019 to fund up to 6 awards. award budget application budgets need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project and cannot exceed $125,000 direct costs per year. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. other award budget information personnel costs individuals designing, directing, and implementing the research education program may request salary and fringe benefits appropriate for the person months devoted to the program. salaries requested may not exceed the levels commensurate with the institution's policy for similar positions and may not exceed the congressionally mandated cap. (if mentoring interactions and other activities with participants are considered a regular part of an individual's academic duties, then any costs associated with the mentoring and other interactions with participants are not allowable costs from grant funds). pd(s)/pi(s) effort is limited to 1.2 person-months (equivalent to 10% full-time professional effort) during the proposed summer program participant costs participants may be paid if specifically required for the proposed research education program and sufficiently justified. participant costs must be itemized in the proposed budget. for this program, the participants are the undergraduate students benefitting from the summer research program. allowable participant costs depend on the educational level/career status of the individuals to be selected to participate in the program. for this particular program, $6,000 per student will be provided for up to 12 weeks of a summer program. shorter duration programs will have this amount pro-rated accordingly. this support can be used to defray the cost of temporary housing for participants while they are engaged in the program. while generally not an allowable cost, with strong justification, participants in the research education program may receive per diem unless such costs are furnished as part of the registration fee. participants may also receive funds to defray partial tuition and other education-related expenses. in addtiona, funds should be requested to provide support for participants to travel to the summer student research symposium and may be requested to support training-related costs associated with the participants' research projects. these funds should not exceed $1,500 per participant. unless strongly justified on the basis of exceptional relevance to the niddk/dkuh mission, the summer research programs should be used primarily for the education of u.s. citizens or permanent residents. expenses for foreign travel are not allowed. because the r25 program is not intended as a substitute for an nrsa institutional training program (e.g.,t32), costs to support full-time participants (supported for 40 hours/week for a continuous, 12-month period) are not allowable. other program-related expenses consultant costs, equipment, supplies, travel for key persons, and other program-related expenses may be included in the proposed budget. these expenses must be justified as specifically required by the proposed program and must not duplicate items generally available at the applicant institution. each program should include $5,000 in their first year budgets to support additional administrative costs associated with hosting one summer student research symposium during the project period. these costs will be restricted for use solely for that activity. indirect costs indirect costs (also known as facilities & administrative [f&a] costs) are reimbursed at 8% of modified total direct costs (exclusive of tuition and fees and expenditures for equipment), rather than on the basis of a negotiated rate agreement. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-DE-19-006,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nidcr intends to commit approximately $1,200,000 in fy 2019 to fund up to 3 ug3 awards. award budget the ug3 phase is limited to a total of $275,000 in direct costs over the entire ug3 phase. if awarded, the uh3 phase is limited to a total of $1,350,000 in total costs over the entire uh3 phase. application budgets need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the maximum period of the combined ug3 and uh3 phases is 6 years, with a maximum of 2 years for the ug3 phase and a maximum of 4 or 5 years for the uh3 phase, depending upon the length of the ug3 phase. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-DK-19-009,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the following nih components intend to commit the following amounts in fy 2020: niddk and nci intends to commit $8.8 million to fund up to ten clinical centers awards (this rfa) and one coordination and data management center and clinical centers award (rfa dk-19-504) in fy 2020. award budget application budgets are limited to $300,000 per year in direct costs. application budgets should reflect the actual needs of the proposed contributions to the consortiums ongoing work. funds to support patient enrollment cost for the different studies the applicants will contribute is not to be included in the budget limit above as it will be provided via the cdmc based on negotiated study-specific statements of work and the availability of funds. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-AR-11-001,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity will use the p30 award mechanism(s). the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses non-modular budget formats described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). 2. funds available the niams expects to award approximately $1.6 million (direct costs) in fy 2011 through this announcement; up to 4 awards are anticipated; direct costs of up to $400,000 per year may be requested; the project period will up to 5 years; future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation, see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. section
RFA-HG-13-013,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new resubmission the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nhgri, nci, and nida intend to commit $6 million in fy 2015 to fund 7-8 awards, and nhgri and nida intend to commit an additional $5.3 million in fy 2016 to fund 6-7 additional awards. award budget applications may request up to $500,000 direct costs per year. award project period applications may request up to three years of support. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-TW-16-002,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new renewal of r25 awarded under rfa-tw-11-001 the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the issuing ic and partner components intend to commit an estimated total of $5.0 million in fy 2017 to fund up to five awards. . award budget application budgets are limited to up to $1.1 million direct costs/year per award. award project period the total project period for an application submitted in response to this funding opportunity announcement may not exceed 5 years. other award budget information stipends, tuition, and fees awards provide stipends as a subsistence allowance to help defray living expenses during the research training experience. trainees may be paid a stipend comparable to their professional experience. trainee travel trainee travel to attend scientific meetings and workshops that the institution determines to be necessary for the individuals research training experience is an allowable expense. each trainee is expected to attend the orientation at nih in the summer preceding their training year. at the discretion of the pd(s)/pi(s), alumni who need to travel in order to present work produced during the program or network with and mentor current trainees is also an allowable expense. training related expenses other program related expenses nih will provide funds to help defray other research training expenses, such as health insurance, staff salaries, consultant costs, equipment, research supplies, internet access, publication costs, and faculty/staff travel directly related to the research training program. these expenses must be justified as specifically required by the proposed program and must not duplicate items generally available at the applicant institution. funds to cover administration and hosting of u.s. and lmic trainees at lmic research sites should be factored into the per trainee cost of the program. applicants may include costs to support mentored research projects as part of training. research costs per trainee to conduct research at the lmic site should not exceed $15,000 per year. salary for the pd(s)/pi(s), other key personnel, training and mentoring faculty and administrative staff may be requested at levels commensurate with the salary structure and benefits at the institution where they are employed and within the limits described at http://grants.nih.gov/grants/policy/salcap_summary.htm . administrative expenses including training faculty salaries and travel should not exceed 20% of the total grant budget, exclusive of administrative and hosting fees at the lmic site. faculty travel: funds may be requested to support faculty/staff travel directly related to the research training program, and for round-trip economy airfare on u.s. carriers (to the maximum extent possible), lodging and per diem for the pd(s)/pi(s) to attend the annual program orientation meeting, held at the nih. support for senior/key personnel, faculty and collaborators to attend scientific meetings and conferences are not allowed. indirect costs indirect costs (also known as facilities & administrative [f&a] costs) are reimbursed at 8% of modified total direct costs (exclusive of tuition and fees, consortium costs in excess of $25,000, and expenditures for equipment), rather than on the basis of a negotiated rate agreement. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HG-13-004,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new resubmission the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. nhgri intends to fund an estimate of 3-4 awards, corresponding to a total of $3m per year. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget $750k total costs in fy14, $1m total costs per year in fy15-fy17. award project period the maximum period is 4 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-RM-17-014,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the nih common fund intends to commit approximately $500,000 per year total cost, contingent upon receiving scientifically meritorious applications. 1 award is anticipated from this solicitation. award budget application budgets are limited to $300,000 direct cost per year and need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the maximum project period is 4 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AI-20-023,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed renewal to rfa-ai-15-017 the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the following nih components intend to commit the following amounts in fy 2020 to support 7 awards: niaid $9,900,000 nci, $1,850,000 nhlbi: $1,000,000 niaaa: $500,000 nichd, $4,000,000 niddk: $500,000 nida, $855,000 nimh, $1,200,000 fic: $500,000? award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period all applicants may request a project period of up to 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-CA-21-002,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials. need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nci intends to commit up to $9 million in fy 2022 to fund up to four awards. award budget application budgets are limited to $1,250,000 in direct costs per year. budgets must reflect the actual need of the proposed ccbir center. award project period a project period of 5 years must be requested. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-CA-21-030,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s). need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nci intends to commit $4.0 million to support up to six awards in fy2022. award budget applicants may request up to $475,000 in direct costs per year. award project period the proposed project period must not exceed 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-HG-16-011,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the following nih components intend to commit the following amounts in fy2017: nhgri intends to commit up to $20.8m to support two related foas establishing clinical sites with enhanced diversity, (this foa) and clinical sites (rfa hg-16-010). we expect that 3-6 awards will be supported under this rfa and 3-6 awards under rfa hg-16-010. nci intends to commit up to $1.0m total costs per year to co-fund applications relevant to the nci mission. applications may be submitted to either the general clinical sites with enhanced diversity foa or the general clinical sites foa (rfa hg-16-010). nimhd intends to commit up to $2.3m total costs per year to co-fund applications relevant to the nimhd mission. applications must be submitted to the general clinical sites with enhanced diversity foa. award budget application budgets should not exceed $2.5m direct costs per year, and must reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the total award period for this foa is 4 years (fy17-fy20). nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HL-09-010,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this foa will use the nih research project (r01) award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts (see sf424 (r&r) application guide ) . it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ) . specifically, a u.s. organization submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs) must use the phs398 modular budget component. u.s. applicants requesting more than $250,000 in annual direct costs must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component. at this time, it is not known if this foa will be reissued. 2. funds available the nhlbi intends to commit approximately $12.0 million in total costs ($3.0 million in fy 2009) to fund 5-8 meritorious research grants. awards issued under this foa are contingent upon the availability of funds and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. an applicant may request a project period of up to 4 years. an individual research grant application may not request more than $250,000 in direct costs in any given year unless collaborative in vivo cell imaging studies are included, if collaborative in vivo cell imaging studies are included, up to an additional $100,000 in direct costs can be included in the budget. therefore applications that include collaborative in vivo cell imaging studies may request up to $350,000 in direct costs in any given year . because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-CA-19-040,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new renewal resubmission the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nci intends to commit $3,600,000 in fy 2020 to fund 4 awards. award budget budgets are limited to $600,000 direct costs (excluding consortium f&a) per year. award project period the maximum project period is five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-AA-15-003,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niaaa intends to fund 1-2 awards corresponding to a total of $ 2.1 m for fiscal year 2015. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget applications for the iucp are limited to a budget of $500,000 in direct costs during years 1-2. direct costs can increase in years 3-5 to a maximum of $750,000 per year. an iucp can partner with more than one arc. the aggregate total direct costs for the partnering arc is capped at $200,000 direct cost per year award project period 5 years nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AT-09-002,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this foa will use the r01 award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts (see sf424 (r&r) application guide ) . it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ) . specifically, a u.s. organization submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs) must use the phs398 modular budget component. u.s. applicants requesting more than $250,000 in annual direct costs and all foreign applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component. 2. funds available nccam intends to award up to $3 million (total costs) per year, to support approximately 4 6 new grants. a maximum of $300,000 (direct costs) per year may be requested and the total project period for an application submitted in response to this foa will be five years. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DK-10-012,section ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards this foa is supported under a special statutory program for type 1 diabetes research. total funding available for this five year program is $30 million in fy 2011 to fund 4-12 applications, contingent on the availability of funds and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. award budget maximum direct costs are $5 million to be used over a project period of up to 5 years. niddk expects that the requested direct costs will range from $2 to $5 million based on the scope of the research, plus applicable facilities and administrative costs to be determined at the time of the award. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. section
RFA-HD-05-025,section ii. award information 1. mechanism(s) of support this funding opportunity will use the cooperative research project grant (u01) award mechanism(s). this funding opportunity uses the just-in-time budget concepts. it also uses the non-modular budget format described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). a detailed categorical budget for the "initial budget period" and the "entire proposed period of support" is to be submitted with the application. the nih u 01 is a cooperative agreement award mechanism. in the cooperative agreement mechanism, the principal investigator retains the primary responsibility and dominant role for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project, with nih staff being substantially involved as a partner with the principal investigator, as described under the section vi. 2. administrative requirements , "cooperative agreement terms and conditions of award." 2. funds available nichd intends to commit approximately $3.7 million dollars in total costs [direct plus facilities and administrative (f&a) costs] in fy 2006 to fund four to eight new and/or competing continuation grants in response to this rfa. an ru applicant may request a project period of up to five years and a budget for direct costs up to $150,000 dollars per year for ru base costs. an applicant for the dcc may request a project period of up to five years and a budget of direct costs up to $800,000 in the first year. additional funds for the execution of protocols will be awarded to the ru under "other expenses. applications for the rus should also include a request for $140,000 direct costs under other expenses as restricted funds to be used for common protocols. fixed budgets for protocols will be negotiated at a later date. these funds are to be included for nichd budgetary planning purposes only and may be adjusted upwards/downwards as necessary. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of nichd, nci and nccam provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation, see not-od-05-004 .
RFA-HL-10-006,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity will use the cooperative agreement (u01) award mechanism(s). the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses non-modular budget formats described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). this funding opportunity will use a cooperative agreement award mechanism. in the cooperative agreement mechanism, the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) retains the primary responsibility and dominant role for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project, with nih staff being substantially involved as a partner with the principal investigator, as described under the section vi. 2. administrative requirements , "cooperative agreement terms and conditions of award." there are no plans at present to reissue this foa. 2. funds available the total amount of funding that nhlbi expects to award through this announcement in fy 2010 is $7 million. the total commitment for six years of funding is $52 million. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. nine regional clinical centers (rccs) and one data coordinating center (dcc) applications are anticipated. an rcc applicant may request up to $100,000 per year in direct costs to maintain the rccs infrastructure for up to six years. the expected direct cost for individual rcc awards will not vary. the dcc applicant may request up to $2.27 million direct costs in the first fiscal year and $3 million per year in direct costs in subsequent years. they should also request up to $1.76 million direct costs in the first year and $2.185 million per year for the second through sixth year to be set aside for protocol costs and for support of non-rcc sites (satellites) and core laboratories, as needed. a dcc applicant may request a project period of six years. the dcc during the grant cycle covered by this foa will manage all funds committed for protocol costs. the dcc should include costs for meetings and conference calls of the protocol review committee (prc) and data and safety monitoring board (dsmb). applicants for a rcc clinical research skills development core may request up to $67,000 in direct costs per year for up to five years. these awards will start in the second year. it is anticipated that up to three awards will be made. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will not vary from application to application, it is also anticipated that the size and duration of each award will not vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation; see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. section
RFA-AG-13-001,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement application types allowed renewal the oer glossary and the phs398 application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nia intends to commit up to $13 million in fy2013. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations and will be no more than $55 million over 5 years. award budget application budget is limited to $55 million in total costs. award project period the maximum period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. section
RFA-MH-21-160,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nimh intends to commit $3,000,000 in fy 2022 to fund 4-6 awards. award budget application budgets are limited to $500,000 in direct costs in any project year and need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-DK-13-005,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niddk intends to commit $500,000 in fy 2014 to support up to 5 awards. award budget application budgets proposed need to reflect actual needs of the proposed project and cannot exceed $100,000 in direct costs per year. award project period a project period of up to five years may be requested.. other award budget information personnel costs individuals designing, directing, and implementing the research education program may request salary and fringe benefits appropriate for the person months devoted to the program. salaries requested may not exceed the levels commensurate with the institution's policy for similar positions and may not exceed the congressionally mandated cap. (if mentoring interactions and other activities with students/participants are considered a regular part of an individual's academic duties, then any costs associated with the mentoring and other interactions with students/participants are not allowable costs from grant funds). pd(s)/pi(s) effort is limited to 1.2 person-months (equivalent to 10% full-time professional effort) during the proposed summer program .. participant costs participants may be paid if specifically required for the proposed research education program and sufficiently justified. participant costs must be itemized in the proposed budget. for this program, the participants are the undergraduate students benefitting from the summer research program. allowable participant costs depend on the educational level/career status of the individuals to be selected to participate in the program. for this particular program, $6,000 per student will be provided for up to 12 weeks of a summer program. shorter duration programs will have this amount pro-rated accordingly. while generally not an allowable cost, with strong justification, participants in the research education program may receive partial costs of meals unless such costs are furnished as part of the registration fee. participants may also receive funds to defray partial tuition, and other education-related expenses. unless strongly justified on the basis of exceptional relevance to the niddk/dkuh/kuh mission, summer undergraduate research programs should be used primarily for the education of u.s. citizens. expenses for foreign travel are not allowed. because the r25 mechanism is not intended as a substitute for an nrsa institutional training program (t32), costs to support full-time participants (supported for 40 hours/week for a continuous, 12-month period) are not allowable.. other program-related expenses consultant costs, equipment, supplies, travel for key persons, and other program-related expenses may be included in the proposed budget. these expenses must be justified as specifically required by the proposed program and must not duplicate items generally available at the applicant institution. funds should be requested to provide support for participants to travel to the summer student research symposium and may be requested to support training-related costs associated with the participants' research projects. these funds should not exceed $1,500 per participant. indirect costs indirect costs (also known as facilities & administrative [f&a] costs) are reimbursed at 8% of modified total direct costs (exclusive of tuition and fees and expenditures for equipment), rather than on the basis of a negotiated rate agreement. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AG-22-006,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials. need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nia intends to commit $6,400,000 in fy 2022 to fund 8 to 10 awards. award budget application budgets are limited to $500,000 in annual direct costs. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-RM-13-014,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the total amount of funds available is $3.8 million per year. it is anticipated that 3-5 projects will be supported. award budget the budget can be up to $700,000 in total costs and needs to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-NS-16-007,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nih brain initiative intends to fund an estimate of 5-7 awards, corresponding to total of up to $3.8m for fiscal year 2016. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period awards are for three years of support. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DK-18-028,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new renewal - only one subsequent renewal is allowed resubmission of rfa-dk-17-033 the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards niddk intends to commit $1,000,000 in fy 2019 to fund up to 3 awards. award budget application budgets are limited to no more than $200,000 in direct costs per year. award project period the maximum project period is 2 years. the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-RM-16-006,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the nih common fund intends to commit approximately $4,000,000 in fy 2017. approximately 10 awards are anticipated, contingent upon availability of funds and receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. award budget awards will be for up to $250,000 in direct costs per year, plus applicable facilities and administrative (f&a) costs. award project period the project period is limited to five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-NS-19-024,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards application budgets need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. direct costs should not exceed $5,400,000 in year 1, and $3,850,000 in years 2-5. as a cooperative agreement, nih funds are contingent upon success of meeting milestones and the budget may be renegotiated to reflect the needs of the network and nih priorities. award budget application budgets need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. as a cooperative agreement, nih funds are contingent upon success of meeting milestones and the budget may be renegotiated to reflect the needs of the network and nih priorities. award project period 5 years nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-CA-12-013,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement application types allowed new the oer glossary and the phs398 application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the national cancer institute intends to commit an estimated total of $21 million for approximately 30 to 40 awards in fy 2014. future amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget application budgets are not limited, but need to reflect actual needs of the proposed project. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, the size of each award will vary. award project period 5 years nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AR-08-003,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity will use the p30 award mechanism(s). the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses non-modular budget formats described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). 2. funds available the niams expects to award approximately $1.8 million in fy 2009 through this announcement; 3 awards are anticipated; direct costs of up to $400,000 per year may be requested; the project period will be 5 years; april 1, 2009, is the earliest award date. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation, see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. section
RFA-HL-19-012,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nhlbi intends to commit total costs of up to $3,720,000 per year in fiscal years 2019 through 2022 to support up to 5 awards. award budget application budgets may not exceed direct costs of up to $400,000 per year in fiscal years 2019 through 2022. administrative coordinating center a separate budget for up to an additional $400,000 in direct costs per year in fiscal years 2019 through 2022 may be requested for the overall program's administrative coordinating center. award project period the maximum project period is four years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-GM-09-001,ii. computational, mathematical, and statistical model research one of midass central goals is to develop and improve mathematical, computational, and statistical methods for studying infectious diseases and to develop tools that will assist public health decision makers. applicants should take account of the needs of the public health and research communities in designing and producing models. the following areas should be addressed: conceptual development of models. underlying theories, including assumptions and approaches, strengths and weaknesses, should be clearly explained. applications should take into account the needs of the communities (i.e., public health, policy and decision making) that will be end users of the products of the research. the projects should also address plans for the dissemination of useful products of the research, including approaches, technologies and tools, to the relevant research and user communities. other potential areas of research include (1) tools for archiving, managing, integrating querying, retrieving, and visualizing model results; (2) analytical and statistical tools for interpreting and using large data sets or model results; and/or (3) platform-independent translational tools for data exchange, interoperability, and exchange of models, tools, and results. computational, mathematical, and statistical research proposed should be future-oriented, fill an area of need or projected need, and exceed the current state of the art. model verification and validation. the applicant must propose steps to verify that methods employed behave as expected, that is, that the software or equations have been reviewed, tested, and documented. validation is an important goal but may or may not be possible, depending on the nature of the model. applicants should explain how they will approach validation of software. successful applicants will be expected to confer with other members of the network to seek consensus on these topics. dissemination. one product of midas research groups may be software tools that are of value to the public health, research, and policy and decision making communities. software tools developed with midas support will be freely available to researchers, educators, the public health community, and government organizations. software tools should be designed and developed in collaboration with the user community(ies) and with the midas information technology resource, which is charged with hardening software tools. additional information: organizational structure of midas the reorganized midas network will have five components: a steering committee, an executive committee, centers of excellence, an information technology resource, and research groups. the steering committee is the main oversight body for midas and makes recommendations to nigms regarding scientific direction, resources, concerns and issues, evaluation, and similar topics. the committee includes representation from user groups such as public health officials, representatives of the research community, and nih scientist administrators with relevant expertise. outside expertise ensures sufficient breadth and balance on the committee. nih scientist administrators will not comprise more than 40% of the voting members of the steering committee. the executive committee coordinates and manages the midas network, including coordination of multi-group projects. it is made up of the principal investigators of grants funded through the midas program and will meet monthly by videoconference or conference call. the research groups are teams of multidisciplinary, collaborating scientists from one or more institutions who have expertise in fields relevant to midas. research groups conduct research in computational, mathematical, and engineering approaches to modeling data on emerging infectious diseases. the centers of excellence will provide national and international leadership in four major thematic areas infectious disease research; computational, statistical, and mathematical research; education and outreach; and public health policy. the information technology resource will support and extend the work of the midas centers of excellence and research groups by providing the infrastructure and resources for hardening and testing software, collecting, managing, and generating data relevant to the systems they are studying, providing support for dissemination of information and for outreach, and providing logistical support for midas activities. the resource is expected to act in partnership with the midas centers of excellence and research groups. each funded project must make a commitment to focus midas research on specific tasks of national importance and to participate fully in collaborative network research. the midas network requires a commitment to cooperative interactions that must be detailed in the application. specific domains of interaction can be found in section iv.6. projects funded through midas use existing sequence, genetic, epidemiological, clinical, climate, etc. information to conduct research. they will not generate primary data using midas funding, with the exception of synthesized data.
RFA-CA-17-060,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nci intends to commit $8 million in fy 2019 to fund one award. award budget the requested budget must not exceed $7,400,000 in direct costs per year. award project period the total project period requested may not exceed 6 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-CA-06-013,ii. award information 1. mechanism(s) of support this funding opportunity will use the nih planning grant (p20) award mechanism. as an applicant, you will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this rfa is a one-time solicitation. future unsolicited, competing applications will compete with all investigator-initiated applications and will be reviewed according to the customary peer review procedures. this funding opportunity uses just-in-time concepts and a non-modular budget format. 2. funds available the national cancer institute intends to commit approximately 1.2 million dollars total costs in fy 2006 to fund up to six (three pairs) new 4-year grants in response to this funding opportunity. an applicant may request a project period of up to 4 years and a budget for direct costs up to $275,000 dollars (per pair) per year, depending upon prior progress in planning and setting priorities. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation; see not-od-05-004 . future years direct costs support cannot exceed 3 percent of the maximum direct cost for each partner. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the nci provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this rfa are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. the total project period for applications submitted in response to this rfa may not exceed 4 years. the earliest anticipated award date is december 1, 2006. 2.a. allowable costs the p20 will provide support for: 1) administrative costs (which may be higher in the early stage of development and lower in the late stages) for managing the planning effort, such as salaries for key personnel, travel for key personnel, equipment, and supplies to support an administrative structure. 2) developmental costs for: a. initial planning stage, which should be focused on developing and organizing workshops, seminars, retreats, and other forms of communication to explore potential opportunities in cancer research, cancer training and career development, or cancer education; b. priority-setting stage, which should be focused on selecting the areas of greatest promise for implementation as specific types of pilot projects or programs based on merit and potential to result in a successful grant application. pilot projects/programs cannot exceed $120,000 in direct costs per year, and may not exceed 3 years; and c. implementation stage, which should be focused on implementing pilot research projects or pilot programs in training and career development or education for the explicit purpose of obtaining preliminary data for the submission of a specific grant application(s). section
RFA-RM-13-006,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the nih intends to commit approximately $5,000,000 for approximately 7 awards in each fiscal year 2014 - 2016. award budget awards will be for $700,000 direct costs each year for five years, plus applicable facilities and administrative (f&a) costs to be determined at the time of award. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-NS-21-013,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials. need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards issuing ic and partner components intend to commit an estimated total of $15 m to fund 20 awards. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-DK-18-018,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards niddk intends to commit $3.5 million in fy 2019 to fund 5-7 awards. the number of awards is contingent upon availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. award budget application budgets must reflect the actual needs of the proposed project, and may not exceed $500,000 in annual direct costs. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-MH-17-250,section ii.7 of the brain 2025 report. specifically, this foa solicits applications from early-stage postdoctorates to acquire mentored research training using cutting-edge tools, theories and/or approaches in one of the seven, high-priority areas of the brain initiative including neuroethics. given the expressed need to bring those trained in quantitative disciplines to neuroscience research, applications from individuals obtaining terminal doctorates in quantitative disciplines are encouraged. for brain initiative awards to date, see http://www.braininitiative.nih.gov/funding/fundedawards.htm . specific objectives of this foa the integrated program of research and training supported by this foa is intended for postdoctorates who are early in their postdoctoral training period in a given laboratory or research environment, rather than for advanced postdoctorates. support for early postdoctoral training will maximize the training potential of this fellowship award. given the interval when applications will be accepted (from 12 months prior to completing terminal degree requirements to 6 months after starting postdoctoral training), it is recognized that applicants are unlikely to have had the opportunity to generate preliminary data for the proposed project. accordingly, while inclusion of preliminary data in the application is permissible, it is not expected. the proposed research and training plan should focus on a research area and/or skill set that complements the applicant's existing research expertise and skills and that will broaden the applicant's knowledge and skills. for example, an applicant with existing skills in molecular/cellular neuroscience might propose a research training plan that emphasizes systems-level training. an applicant with existing neuroscience training might propose a research training plan that emphasizes neuroethics. an applicant trained in physics or statistics might propose a research training plan that emphasizes data-intensive/computational approaches to neuroscience. an applicant with research experience using non-human vertebrate animals might propose a research training plan using human subjects. the application should consist of a well-conceived scientific project, integrated with a comprehensive training plan, which is designed by a collaborative discussion between the candidate and sponsor. in addition to preparing the candidate to be a subject matter expert in the proposed research area and to acquire new technical skills, the research and training plans are expected to provide the candidate with a strong understanding of the principles of experimental design and quantitative analysis, and to incorporate quantitative approaches to answering the research question. further, the proposed research and training plan should enhance the individuals potential to develop into a productive, independent researcher by providing strong mentorship, appropriate training and career development opportunities, and strong institutional support and commitment. the training plan should document the need for, and the anticipated value of, the proposed mentored training in relationship to the individuals research career goals and the individual's prior research training. the training plan should be explicitly designed to facilitate the fellows transition to the next stage of his/her career. it is expected that the mentored training experience will provide: a strong foundation in quantitative reasoning, research design, methods, statistics and analytic techniques appropriate to the proposed research and sufficient to ensure that the applicant has the knowledge and skills to generate robust and reproducible data; experience conducting research using appropriate, state-of-the-art tools and methods relevant to the goals of the brain initiative, and an expert understanding of the tools and methods used; opportunities to present research findings at national meetings as the work progresses; opportunities to publish the research findings as first author; opportunities to interact with members of the scientific community at appropriate scientific meetings and workshops including brain initiative investigator meetings; and skills needed to transition to the next stage of the applicant s research career. to be considered responsive to this foa, the proposed research training plan must be relevant to the scientific goals of the brain 2025 report, as described in the required section on the relationship of the proposed research and training plan to one or more of the specific scientific goals stated in the brain 2025 report. applications that are not relevant to one or more goals of the brain 2025 report will not be reviewed. pre-submission consultation applicants are strongly encouraged to consult with nih scientific/research staff when planning an application. early contact provides an opportunity for nih scientific/research staff to provide guidance on program scope and appropriateness of the proposed research and training for potential funding in response to this foa. applicants should contact nih scientific/research staff as early as possible before the due date.
RFA-CA-18-013,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nci intends to commit an estimated total of $3,000,000 to fund 4-6 awards. award budget application budgets should reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. application budgets may not exceed $500,000 direct costs per year. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-RM-12-020,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the total amount of funds available for this award is approximately $1.5m for fy2014 contingent upon receiving scientifically meritorious applications. one award is anticipated from the solicitation. award budget application budgets should not exceed $1.5 million total costs in fy14 and $2.5m total costs per year for fy15-fy17 and must reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the total award period for this foa is 4 years (fy14 through fy17). nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-NS-18-015,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. nih intends to fund an estimate of 3-4 awards, corresponding to $2,500,000 in total costs, for fiscal year 2018. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-AA-14-001,ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. [ application types allowed renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niaaa intends to commit $7.5 million to fund one award in fy 2014. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations award budget the application budget needs to reflect the actual needs of the proposed consortium but must not exceed $7.5 million in total costs per year. these amounts are inclusive of all facilities and administrative costs for both the awardee and consortium sites. award project period the maximum period of support is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DA-21-012,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nida intends to commit $1.5m in fy2021 to fund 2-5 awards. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-OD-14-003,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards orip intends to commit $5.6 m in fy 2015 to fund 4 awards. award budget the direct costs requested cannot exceed a 5% increase over the last year of the funded grant period. requested direct costs must reflect the actual needs of the project. award project period the total project period may not exceed five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DA-19-002,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new resubmission revision the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nida intends to commit $10m in each fiscal year to a sufficient number of meritorious applications. nida intends to commit $10m in each fiscal year and to fund 3 to 4 grants per fiscal year. award budget application budgets are limited to $3 million direct costs per year and they need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the project period is limited to 2 years for the ug3 phase and 3 years for the uh3 phase nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-CA-17-004,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nci intends to fund one pdccc award, corresponding to direct costs of $650,000 for fiscal year 2017. award budget application budgets must reflect the actual needs of the proposed project but must not exceed $650,000 per year in direct costs. award project period the total project period for an application submitted in response to this foa should be 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-CA-08-007,section ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity announcement (foa) will use the nih exploratory/developmental research grant (r21) award mechanism. the applicant will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see the modular applications and awards section of the nih grants policy statement . specifically, if you are submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs), use the phs398 modular budget component provided in the sf424 (r&r) application package and sf424 (r&r) application guide (see specifically section 5.4, modular budget component, of the application guide). all foreign applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component found in the application package for this foa. see not-od-06-096 , august 23, 2006. exploratory/developmental grant support is for new projects only; competing renewal (formerly competing continuation ) applications will not be accepted. up to two resubmissions (formerly revisions/amendments") of a previously reviewed exploratory/developmental grant application may be submitted. see not-od-03-041 , may 7, 2003. 2. funds available because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the nih institutes and centers (ics) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. an r21 applicant may request a project period of up to 2 years with a combined budget for direct costs of up $275,000 for the 2-year period. for example, the applicant may request $100,000 in the 1st year and $175,000 in the 2nd year. the budget request should be tailored to the needs of the project, with no more than $200,000 in direct costs allowed in any single year. applicants may request direct costs in $25,000 modules, up to the total direct costs limitation of $275,000 for the combined 2-year award period. commensurate f&a costs are allowed. the nci intends to commit approximately 1,500,000 dollars in fy2009 to fund approximately 10-15 applications. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 , november 2, 2004.
RFA-DK-16-027,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niddk intends to commit $6,750,000 in fy 2017 to support three related funding opportunities, rfa-dk-16-026, rfa-dk-16-027, and rfa-dk-16-028. we anticipate awarding 1 central hub, 3-5 recruitment sites, and 4-5 tissue interrogation sites. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. the direct costs for ug3 awards are expected to be approximately $200,000-$300,000 per year. the direct costs for uh3 awards are expected to be approximately $400,000-$600,000 per year. award project period the ug3 phase is limited to two years. the uh3 phase is limited to three years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-OD-09-003,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this foa will use the (rc1) award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts (see sf424 (r&r) application guide ) . 2. funds available this initiative is funded under the recovery act. nih has designated at least $200 million in fys 2009 - 2010 to fund 200 or more grants, contingent upon the submission of a sufficient number of scientifically meritorious applications. in addition, recovery act funds allocated to nih specifically for comparative effectiveness research (cer) may be available to support additional grants. projects receiving these funds will need to meet this definition of cer: a rigorous evaluation of the impact of different options that are available for treating a given medical condition for a particular set of patients. such a study may compare similar treatments, such as competing drugs, or it may analyze very different approaches, such as surgery and drug therapy. such research may include the development and use of clinical registries, clinical data networks, and other forms of electronic health data that can be used to generate or obtain outcomes data as they apply to cer. budget proposals are limited to $500,000 total costs per year for a total of $1,000,000 total costs over two years. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary, it is anticipated that the size of each award will vary. however, the duration of the awards issued under this foa will be limited to two years. nih awards under the recovery act will be for two years. to further sustain the economic growth and progress in health science, awardees are encouraged to explore the development of public-private partnerships (ppps) during the course of the award. information on developing ppps can be found at http://ppp.od.nih.gov/ . note: the development plan is not part of the challenge grant application. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-CA-14-016,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the nci expects to commit $2 million in fy2015 to fund four to five brl awards. award budget a budget of up to $300,000 per year (direct costs) may be requested. application budgets need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period an applicant may request a project period of up to 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DA-22-047,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s). need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. nih intends to fund an estimate of 8-10 awards, corresponding to a total of $6 million, for fiscal year 2022. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget application budgets are limited to $500,000 in direct costs per year and need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-HL-12-006,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the phs398 application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nhlbi/dld intends to commit $4 million and 6 awards in fy 2012. award budget application budgets are not limited, but need to reflect actual needs of the proposed project. award project period 5 years nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. section
RFA-MH-09-160,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity announcement (foa) will use the nimh clinical exploratory/developmental research grant ( r34) award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts (see sf424 (r&r) application guide ). it also uses the modular as wll as the non-modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ) . specifically, a u.s. organization submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs) must use the phs398 modular budget component. foreign applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component. 2. funds available the nimh inte nds to commit approximately $1, 5 00,000 and niaaa intends to commit $1,000,000 in total costs in fy09 to support four to eight grants in response to this foa and the companion r21/r33 foa. the total project period for an application submitted in response to this funding opportunity may not exceed three years. direct costs are limited to $450,000 over an r34 3-year period, with no more than $225,000 in direct costs allowed in any single year. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the nimh provides support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-GM-08-002,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity announcement (foa) will use the nih research project grant ( r01) award mechanism. the applicant will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses the modular as well as non-modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ). specifically, if you are a u.s. organization, use the phs398 modular budget component provided in the sf424 (r&r) application package and sf424 (r&r) application guide (see specifically section 5.4, modular budget component, of the application guide). all u.s. applicants must use the phs398 modular budget component, since requested direct costs in any year may not exceed $250,000. foreign applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the non-modular research & related budget component found in the application package for this foa. see not-od-06-096 , august 23, 2006. this foa is for new applications . renewal applications and resubmissions will not be accepted. 2. funds available because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the participating institutes provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. nigms intends to commit approximately $ 5 million dollars in fiscal year 20 08 to fund 1 3-17 applications. ninds, nimh, and nida intend to commit approximately $1.5 million, $1 million, and $500,000, respectively. niaid intends to commit approximately $400,000 in fiscal year 2008 to fund one application. support may be requested for up to $800,000 in direct costs (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs) over a four year period, prorated for shorter terms ($600,000 for three years, $400,000 for two years). regardless of the term of support, direct costs (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs) may not exceed $250,000 in any one year. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. f &a costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 , november 2, 2004. section
RFA-DC-19-002,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed renewal resubmission the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nidcd intends to commit $425,000 in fy 2019 to fund one award. award budget application budget should not exceed $425,000 in direct costs in each year. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-HL-12-027,ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations, and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. nhlbi intends to fund 2-3 awards. nhlbi intends to commit a total of $1m for fiscal year 2012. nhlbi intends to commit a total of $2m for each of fiscal years 2013, 2014, and 2015 nhlbi intends to commit a total of $1.5m for fiscal year 2016 ninds has assigned funds to support one project focused on the prevention of secondary stroke, contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications proposing projects relevant to the programmatic priorities of the ninds. direct costs are limited to $230,000 in year 1, to $450,000 in years 2-4, and to $250,000 in year 5 of the project period. award budget direct costs are limited to $230,000 in year 1, to $450,000 in years 2-4, and to $250,000 in year 5 of the project period. applicants must submit non-modular budgets using the non-modular format. direct costs for the domestic component are limited to 30% of the total direct costs per year. award project period five years nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-CA-11-501,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities, the applicant will be solely responsible for planning, directing and executing th proposed project. application types allowed renewal only the renewal application for the current ccss award is allowed for this foa. the oer glossary and the phs398 application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the nci intends to commit an estimated total of $4,380, 000 per year for 5 years to fund 1 ccss award.. award budget budget request must not exceed $4,380, 000/year (total cost) and $21.9 million (total costs) over 5 yearsl. award project period 5 years nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-NS-19-006,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new resubmission the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the nih anticipates providing $10m per year to fund an estimated 10 to 20 awards. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period support may be requested for up to 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-MH-20-325,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the following nih components intend to commit $7.4 million in fy 2020 for 1 award: national institute of mental health (nimh) national institute of neurological disorders and stroke (ninds)) eunice kennedy shriver national institute of child health and human development (nichd) national institute on deafness and other communication disorders (nidcd) award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-CA-12-018,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations, and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. for the group of pqs covered by the foa (group b), the nci intends to fund approximately 6 r21 awards for both application rounds combined, corresponding to a total of up to $2-3 million, for fiscal year 2013 and a similar amount for fiscal year 2014. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget the combined budget for direct costs for the two year project period may not exceed $275,000. no more than $200,000 may be requested in any single year. application budgets must reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the total project period may not exceed 2 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AA-08-003,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity will use the nih exploratory /developmental alcohol research center (p20) award mechanism. the applicant is solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. a grant supporting an alcohol research center is not transferable to another institution. this funding opportunity uses the just-in-time budget concepts. it also uses the non-modular budget format described in the phs 398 application instructions ( http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). a detailed categorical budget for the "initial budget period" and the "entire proposed period of support" for the entire center and for each project and core must be provided in the application. 2. funds available the niaaa intends to commit approximately 7-9 million dollars in fy 2009 and expects to fund 4-7 new and/or competing continuation center grants in response to this and the three related rfas which together employ four different mechanisms (p20, p30, p50 and p60). the expected annual direct costs for p20 awards will range from about $250,000 to $700,000 . the total cumulative award for a p20 alcohol research center is limited to $2,500,000 (direct plus indirect) over a three, four or five-year period, with no more than $1,000,000 and no less than $350,000 in total costs allowed in any single year. since exploratory/ developmental grants are not generally intended to support major capital expenditures, requests for such costs must be justified as necessary for the long-term viability of the center. the earliest anticipated funding date is december 1, 2008. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the niaaa provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. exploratory/developmental centers funded under this rfa are not renewable. awardees of exploratory/developmental centers supported through this rfa are encouraged to direct their future activities toward applying for a specialized (p50) or comprehensive (p60) alcohol research center. future applications for a specialized or comprehensive center may be submitted in response to any future niaaa alcohol research center funding opportunity and need not wait to coincide with the completion of the total project period for the exploratory/developmental center. section
RFA-AI-10-007,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity will use the u19 award mechanism(s). the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses non-modular budget formats described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). this funding opportunity will use a cooperative agreement award mechanism. in the cooperative agreement mechanism, the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) retains the primary responsibility and dominant role for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project, with nih staff being substantially involved as a partner with the principal investigator, as described under the section vi. 2. administrative requirements , "cooperative agreement terms and conditions of award". at this time the niaid has not determined whether this funding opportunity will be reissued. 2. funds available niaid anticipates awarding a total of $6 million in fy 2011 to ipcp-htm applications under this foa and rfa-ai-10-006 , for new ipcp-htm applications. the requested project period may not extend beyond that of the parent grant. it is anticipated that at least one new competitive revision award will be awarded in response to this foa. competitive revision budget requests may not exceed a total direct cost of $1.4 million per year and may request support for multiple years. applicants may develop an application requesting specific additions to existing core(s) and/or project(s), addition of new core(s) and/or project(s) or any combination of the above. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation, see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AI-13-043,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the niaid intends to commit $11 million total costs in fy 2014 to fund up to five awards. future year amounts may vary depending on annual appropriations. award budget application budgets are not limited, but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum period is five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-EB-13-001,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nibib intends to commit $2 million in fy 2014 to fund up to 3 applications. award budget application budgets are limited to $600,000 in total direct costs. however, it is anticipated that most applicants will request $200,000 - $400,000 in total direct costs. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-ES-13-011,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niehs intends to commit $2.4 million in fy 2014 to fund 8-10 awards. award budget the combined budget for direct costs for the 2-year project period may not exceed $275,000. no more than $200,000 may be requested in any single year. applicants may request direct costs in $25,000 modules, up to the total direct costs limitation of $275,000 for the combined two-year award period. award project period the scope of the project should determine the project period. the maximum project period for the r21 is 2 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AI-09-039,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity will use the u19 and u01 cooperative agreement award mechanisms for the cofar research program and the u01 cooperative agreement award mechanism for the cofar saccc. the principal investigator (pd/pi) for either the u19 or u01 cooperative agreement retains the primary responsibility and dominant role for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project, with the participation of the steering committee, and with nih staff being substantially involved as a partner with the principal investigator(s), as described under the section vi.2. administrative and national policy requirements, 2.a cooperative agreement terms and conditions of award. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses non-modular budget formats described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). this funding opportunity will use a cooperative agreement award mechanism. in the cooperative agreement mechanism, the principal investigator (pi) retains the primary responsibility and dominant role for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project, with nih staff being substantially involved as a partner with the principal investigator, as described under the section vi. 2. administrative requirements , "cooperative agreement terms and conditions of award". plans to continue this initiative beyond the current funding opportunity are indefinite. 2. funds available niaid and niddk expect to award through this announcement: $4 million in total costs for one to four u19 and/or u01 cofar research program awards; niaid and niddk expect to award through this announcement: $1.75 million in total costs for one cofar saccc award; an applicant may request a project period of up to 5 years. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. at this time, niaid and niddk have not determined whether or how this solicitation will be continued beyond the present foa . facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation, see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. section
RFA-AG-15-011,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nih intends to fund an estimate of 1 - 2 awards, corresponding to a total of $5 million in fiscal year 2015. the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations, and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. award budget application budgets need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project and should be limited to no more than $2.5 million direct costs per year. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DE-10-004,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this foa will use the r01 research project grant award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts (see sf424 (r&r) application guide ) . it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ) . specifically, a u.s. organization submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs) must use the phs398 modular budget component. u.s. applicants requesting more than $250,000 in annual direct costs and all foreign applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component. 2. funds available nidcr intends to commit up to $3 million total costs in fy2010 to support meritorious projects solicited through this foa and rfa-de-10-005. we anticipate that 3-5 r01 awards will be made , contingent upon the submission of a sufficient number of scientifically meritorious applications. budget proposals are limited to $ 250,000 direct costs per year for a total of $ 1 million direct costs over four years. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AA-17-016,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niaaa intends to commit $2 million in fy 2017 to fund 8 awards. awards issued under this foa are contingent upon the availability of funds and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. award budget application budgets are limited to $250,000 total costs per year. award project period the total project period for an application submitted in response to this foa may not exceed five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AA-12-002,section ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the phs398 application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations, and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. niaaa intends to commit approximately $12 million in fy2013 to fund five to six new and/or renewal center applications in response to both this foa and companion foa. award budget a p50 center may not exceed $1.8 million in total costs per year.. award project period applicants may request a project period of up to five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DA-20-010,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nida intends to commit $3m in fy 2020 to fund 3-6 awards. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-HL-13-023,section ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nhlbi intends to commit up to $1,000,000 in fy 2013 and up to $2,250,000 for the subsequent four years to fund up to eight awards. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. each budget year may not exceed the following direct cost thresholds: year 1: $115,000, year 2: $250,000, year 3: $250,000,000, year 4: $250,000 indirect costs are reimbursed at 8% of modified total direct costs (exclusive of tuition and fees and expenditures for equipment) rather than on the basis of a negotiated rate agreement. note: the first year is for planning purposes only. appointment of scholars can be made only upon approval of the program officer. award budget application budgets are not limited, but need to reflect actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the maximum period is 5 years. other award budget information personnel costs the pd/pi designing, directing, and implementing the career development program may request salary and fringe benefits appropriate for the person months devoted to the program and not to exceed 5%. salaries requested may not exceed the levels commensurate with the institution's policy for similar positions and may not exceed the congressionally mandated cap. if mentoring interactions and other activities with scholars are considered a regular part of an individual's academic duties, then mentoring and other interactions with scholars are non-reimbursable from grant funds. limited program-related administrative and clerical salary costs associated distinctly with the program that are not normally provided by the applicant organization may be direct charges to the grant only when they are in accordance with applicable cost principles. for institutions covered by omb circular a-21, this type of training program may qualify as a major project where administrative salaries are allowable as a direct cost. when specifically identified and justified, these expenses must be itemized in sections a and b, as appropriate, of the r&r budget. participant costs scholars are those individuals who benefit from the proposed activities and experiences involved in the career development program. scholar costs must be justified as specifically required for the proposed career development program and based on institutional policies for salaries paid to individuals in similar positions, regardless of the source of funds. these expenses must be itemized in the proposed budget. other program related expenses consultant costs, equipment, supplies, and other program-related expenses may be included in the proposed budget. these expenses must be justified as specifically required by the proposed program and must not duplicate items generally available at the applicant institution. indirect costs indirect costs (also known as facilities & administrative [f&a] costs) are reimbursed at 8% of modified total direct costs (exclusive of tuition and fees and expenditures for equipment), rather than on the basis of a negotiated rate agreement. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AA-12-005,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the phs398 application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niaaa intends to commit $4 million in fy 2012 to fund the continuation of the cifasd consortium. the set-aside for the clinical and basic research components will be about $3 million and $1 million, respectively. approximately 8-10 new and/or renewal cooperative agreement awards are anticipated in response to this foa and the companion foa ( rfa-aa-12-004 ). award budget application budgets are not limited, but need to reflect actual needs of the proposed project. award project period scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AG-18-013,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. nia intends to commit $10 million in fy 2018 to support up to 6 awards. award budget annual direct costs are capped at $1,000,000. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HL-18-003,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. nhlbi intends to fund up to seven r61 awards in fy 2018 corresponding to up to total costs of $5,120,000 in fy 2018 and $5,120,000 in fy 2019. it is estimated that up to seven r33 awards will be funded corresponding to up to total costs of $5,120,000 in fy 2020, $5,120,000 in fy 2021, and $5,120,000 in fy 2022. award budget application budgets may not exceed direct costs of $475,000 per fiscal year. award project period the project period is limited to up to 2 years for phase i (r61) and up to 3 years for phase ii (r33) for a total project period of up to 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-MH-16-775,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards issuing ic and partner components intend to commit an estimated total of $8 million to fund 8-10 awards in fy2016. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 3 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DK-20-502,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? required: only accepting applications that propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards in fy 2021, niddk intends to commit $7 million, nci intends to commit$2 million, and nia intends to commit $1 million to support the continuation of the dppos study. it is anticipated that one award will be made to the biostatistics research center under this foa and that awards will be made to 21 clinical centers under linked companion rfa-dk-20-501. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the maximum project period is one year. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-AA-09-004,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this foa will use the r21 award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts (see sf424 (r&r) application guide ) . it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ) . specifically, a u.s. organization submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs) must use the phs398 modular budget component. u.s. applicants requesting more than $250,000 in annual direct costs and all foreign applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component. 2. funds available because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the institutes and centers (ics) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. the participating organization(s) niaaa intends to commit approximately $2 m dollars in fy2009 to fund 3-5 applications. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DK-17-508,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niddk intends to commit $30,000,000 in fiscal year 2017 to fund one award. award budget application budgets are limited to $27,000,000 in direct costs exclusive of subcontracts f&a for the entire project period. funds for the entire duration of the project will be awarded in the first year. award project period the maximum project period is 4 years 9 months. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-OD-20-015,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. nih intends to commit $19 million to fund 5-10 awards. award budget application budgets are limited to $2,000,000 per year in direct costs and need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the maximum period is 2 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-DE-08-003,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity announcement (foa) will use the nih research project grant ( r01) award mechanism. the applicant will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ). specifically, if you are a u.s. organization and are submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs), use the phs398 modular budget component provided in the sf424 (r&r) application package and sf424 (r&r) application guide (see specifically section 5.4, modular budget component, of the application guide). u.s. applicants requesting more than $250,000 in annual direct costs and all foreign applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component found in the application package for this foa. see not-od-06-096 , august 23, 2006. 2. funds available because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the institutes and centers (ics) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. the participating organization(s), nidcr intends to commit approximately $ 2 million dollars in fiscal year 2008 to fund 4-6 applications. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. f&a costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 , november 2, 2004. section
RFA-HD-08-023,section ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this foa will use the r01 award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts (see sf424 (r&r) application guide ) . it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ) . specifically, a u.s. organization submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs) must use the phs398 modular budget component. u.s. applicants requesting more than $250,000 in annual direct costs and all foreign applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component. 2. funds available because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds. the participating organization(s) listed below intend to commit, in total costs, the following amounts in fiscal year 2009 to fund 7-8 applications: nichd approximately $2 million, nhlbi approximately $750,000, and obssr approximately $300,000. the maximum allowable direct costs for each application shall not exceed $250,000 per year. the maximum allowable project period is 5 years. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AG-17-063,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nia intends to commit $2.5m in fy 2017 to fund 3-5 awards. the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations. award budget application budgets are not limited, but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. grantees are expected to be familiar with and comply with applicable cost policies and the nrsa guidelines ( nih grants policy statement - institutional research training grants ). funds may be used only for those expenses that are directly related to and necessary for the research training and must be expended in conformance with omb cost principles, the nih grants policy statement , and the nrsa regulations, policies, guidelines, and conditions set forth in this document. award project period 5 years other award budget information stipends, tuition, and fees kirschstein-nrsa awards provide stipends as a subsistence allowance to help defray living expenses during the research training experience. nia will contribute to the combined cost of tuition and fees at the rate in place at the time of award. stipend levels, as well as funding amounts for tuition and fees and the institutional allowance are announced annually in the nih guide for grants and contracts, and are also posted on the ruth l. kirschstein national research service award (nrsa) webpage . trainee travel trainee travel to attend scientific meetings and workshops that the institution determines to be necessary for the individuals research training experience is an allowable trainee expense for predoctoral and postdoctoral trainees. nia will contribute up to $2,000 for trainee travel. training related expenses nih will provide funds to help defray other research training expenses, such as health insurance, staff salaries, consultant costs, equipment, research supplies, and faculty/staff travel directly related to the research training program. the most recent levels of training related expenses are announced annually in the nih guide for grants and contracts, and are also posted on the ruth l. kirschstein national research service award (nrsa) webpage . other program-related expenses may be included in the proposed budget, including salary support for 6 person months in year 1 to develop courses or other educational opportunities specifically designed for the program, as well as to facilitate trainee exposure to laboratories of industry and federal partners and other collaborative ad partners. these expenses must be justified as specifically required by the proposed program and must not duplicate items generally available at the applicant institution. this support can be used for a single person or divided among multiple people responsible for the overall program. indirect costs indirect costs (also known as facilities & administrative [f&a] costs) are reimbursed at 8% of modified total direct costs (exclusive of tuition and fees, consortium costs in excess of $25,000, and expenditures for equipment), rather than on the basis of a negotiated rate agreement. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-RM-12-007,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement application types allowed new resubmission the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards this initiative is supported by nih common fund, institute(s) and center(s) and offices of the nih that have signed on to support the h3africa initiative. the amount of funding and the number of awards will rely upon the outcome of peer review, the interests of the nih institutes, and the availability of funds. the total amount of funds available for these awards is approximately $1.4 million per year for fy13-16, contingent upon receiving scientifically meritorious applications. up to 4 awards are anticipated from this solicitation. award budget applications are limited to $350,000 total costs per year, which includes salaries, supplies, training, equipment, travel, and other allowed expenses for research grants. award project period scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum period is 4 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. section
RFA-DA-15-003,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the phs 398 application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nida intends to fund an estimate of 2 awards, corresponding to a total of $ 3m, for fiscal year 2014. award budget application budgets are limited to $1m in direct costs per year and need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period applicants may apply for up to five years of support. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AT-19-010,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed renewal resubmission the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials note: appointed t90 trainees and r90 participants are permitted to obtain research experience in a clinical trial led by a mentor or co-mentor. need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. nccih intends commit up to $930,000 in fy 2020 to fund one linked t90/r90 award. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. grantees are expected to be familiar with and comply with applicable cost policies and the nrsa guidelines ( nih grants policy statement - institutional research training grants ). funds may be used only for those expenses that are directly related to and necessary for the research training and must be expended in conformance with omb cost principles, the nih grants policy statement , and the nrsa regulations, policies, guidelines, and conditions set forth in this document.. award project period the maximum period is 5 years for the linked t90/r90 program. other award budget information stipends, tuition, and fees (t90) and participant costs (r90) program-supported trainees (t90) and participants (r90) will be appointed to the program following the guidance provided in section
RFA-HL-15-012,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the nhlbi and nichd intend to commit a total of $2,300,000 to support research infrastructure for fund up to 5 awards in fy 2015. protocol funds are contingent on availability of funds at the time of award. award budget application budgets are limited to $269,000 direct costs annually to support research infrastructure. protocol budgets should be commensurate with the scope and complexity of the protocol. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HD-06-007,ii. award information 1. mechanism(s) of support this funding opportunity will use the r24 award mechanism. as an applicant, you will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this funding opportunity uses the just-in-time budget concepts. it also uses the non-modular budget format described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). a detailed categorical budget for the "initial budget period" and the "entire proposed period of support" is to be submitted with the application. 2. funds available the nichd has allocated up to $2,500,000 for awards under this announcement. the nia has allocated up to $1,000,000 and the nimh, up to $500,000. it is anticipated that 7-11 awards will be made. budgets are capped at $350,000 of direct costs per year. the anticipated start dates will be within six months of the submission date for responses to this funding opportunity. awards may be for up to five years. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation see not-od-05-004
RFA-ES-16-009,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niehs and partner components intend to commit an estimated total of $7 million to fund 5-6 awards. award budget application budgets may not exceed $900,000 per year in direct costs. award project period the maximum project period for an application submitted in response to this funding opportunity may not exceed 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AA-20-011,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed renewal new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards a total of $10 million will be committed to thisfoa and companion foas. of this $10 million, $5 million will be dedicated to each consortium. for this foa , up to $500 thousand will be committed to each of 2 consortia. we anticipate supporting 2 awards through this foa. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-MH-19-130,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nimh intends to commit $3,000,000 per year in fy2019, and 2020 to fund 7-10 awards. award budget an applicant may request a budget for direct costs up to $1.625 million dollars with no more than $400,000 in direct costs for any single year. award project period the total project period for an application submitted in response to this foa may not exceed five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-NR-07-003,section ii. award information 1. mechanism(s) of support this funding opportunity will use the r01 award mechanism(s). as an applicant, you will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this funding opportunity uses just-in-time concepts. it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see https://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ). specifically, if you are submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less, use the modular budget format described in the phs 398 application instructions. otherwise follow the instructions for non-modular research grant applications. applications from foreign (non-u.s.) institutions submitted using the phs 398 : follow the non-modular format instructions and submit form page 4 and form page 5. do not complete or submit the modular budget format page. 2. funds available the participating institutes intend to commit up to $1.2 million dollars in fy2007 to fund as many as 3-4 r01 applications. at this time, it is not known if competing renewal applications will be accepted and/or if this foa will be reissued. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the institutes and centers (ics) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004.
RFA-ES-09-001,ii. public health action component applicants must develop strategies that translate the findings from the research component of the study to action and builds the capacity of all partners to be most effective. the strategy should be designed to help support or promote action that will result in the prevention or reduction of exposure among community members at the local, regional or national level, ultimately leading to improved health outcomes and quality of life. furthermore, applicants must clearly explain how their proposed strategy will lead to action. examples of possible public health action strategies include, but are not limited to: develop outreach and education materials for the intended audience. develop community-based, culturally sensitive communication programs to educate community members about potential sources of exposure, the potential associated health risks, and how they might reduce their exposure. develop and implement exposure reduction/pollution prevention strategies. develop informational materials and risk communication strategies to educate policymakers about potential sources of exposure and the associated potential health risks. establish community-based training to increase environmental and/or occupational health literacy, i.e., increase awareness of the public at the local, regional and /or national level. train and educate health care and public health professionals on the role of the environmental exposure under investigation in disease etiology or exacerbation (notes: these providers should have a direct role in assisting the affected community). again, the ultimate goal of this program is to improve health in a population and reduce the burden of disease. participation of the affected community in identifying the most effective educational or outreach strategy is essential.
RFA-NS-18-020,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the nih anticipates providing $10m per year to fund an estimated 15 to 20 awards. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period awards are for three years of support. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-CA-20-054,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nci and nibib intend to commit an estimated total of $4.2m in fy 2021 to fund 4-6 awards. award budget application budgets are limited to $499,999 in direct costs per year and must reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-AG-20-030,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nia intends to commit $2.5m in fy 2020 to fund 5-7 awards. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-CA-15-023,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the nci intends to commit $4.5 million in fy2016 to fund up to 4 awards. future year amounts are anticipated to be at the same levels, but will ultimately depend on annual appropriations. award budget application budgets for each center may not exceed $675,000 in direct costs per year and need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period applicants may request up to 5 years of support. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DK-09-006,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity will use the p30 center core grant award mechanism(s). the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses non-modular budget formats described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). 2. funds available the estimated amount of funds available for support of four centers awarded as a result of this announcement is $ 4,000,000 for fiscal year 20 10 . future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. an applicant may request a project period of up to 5 years and a budget for direct costs up to $750,000 per year. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation, see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. section
RFA-HL-11-022,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this foa will use the nih mentored research scientist development (k01) award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi; also referred to as the candidate) and his/her mentor will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts (see sf424 (r&r) application guide ) . it also uses the non-modular budget format. the candidate should follow the instructions for budget information described in section iv , as well as in phs 398 career development award supplemental form section 7.4.6 of the r&r 424 instructions, and budget justification information. the k01 program must be tailored to meet the individual needs of the candidate. candidates may request 3 to 5 years of support. the actual duration of the award will depend upon the number of years of prior research experience, the demonstrated need for additional mentored experience to achieve research independence, and the policy of the nhlbi. awards are not renewable and are not transferable from one pd/pi to another. 2. funds available because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the nhlbi provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. the estimated amount of funds available for support of eight to ten new projects awarded as a result of this announcement is $1.2 million. the actual amount may vary, depending on the response to the foa and availability of funds. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. the total project period for an application submitted in response to this foa must be at least three but not more than five years. loan repayment program (lrp): awardees under this program may be eligible to apply for the nih extramural loan repayment program. information regarding the eligibility requirements and benefits for the program may be obtained through the lrp website at http://www.lrp.nih.gov/ . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. 2.a. allowable costs salary: individual compensation is based on the institution's salary scale for individuals at an equivalent experience level. the maximum salary for recipients of nhlbi k01 career awards is $75,000 per year plus commensurate fringe benefits for 9-12 person-months (equivalent to 75 to 100%) full-time professional effort. the nhlbi research career development award programs require the recipients to devote a minimum of 9 person months (equivalent to 75%) full-time professional effort to the research plan being supported by the career development award; the remaining 25% effort should be devoted to research and research-related activities such as teaching, patient care, or other research-related activities. if 100% effort is to be devoted to the research program during the "summer months," the percent effort for the remainder of the year may be reduced provided that the effort over the course of the year is at least 75%. nih permits supplementation of salary from non-federal sources. the salary must be consistent both with the established salary structure at the institution and with salaries actually provided by the institution from its own funds to other staff members of equivalent qualifications, rank, and responsibilities in the department concerned. if full-time, 12-month salaries are not currently paid to comparable staff members, the salary proposed must be appropriately related to the existing salary structure. confirmation of salary may be required prior to the issuance of an award. fringe benefits, based on the sponsoring institutions rate and the percent of effort, are provided in addition to the salary. the sponsoring institution may supplement the nih salary contribution up to a level that is consistent with the institution's salary scale. however, supplementation may not be from federal funds unless specifically authorized by the federal program from which such funds are derived. in no case may phs funds be used for salary supplementation. institutional supplementation of salary must not require extra duties or responsibilities that would interfere with the purpose of the k01 award. under expanded authorities, however, institutions may re-budget funds within the total costs awarded to cover salaries consistent with the institution's salary scale. the total salary, however, may not exceed the legislatively mandated salary cap. see: http://grants.nih.gov/grants/policy/salcap_summary.htm . k01 award recipients are encouraged to obtain funding from nih or other federal sources either as a named pd/pi on a competing research grant award or cooperative agreement or as sub-project director on a competing multi-project award (see not-od-08-065 ). at the time the research grant is awarded, the effort required on the k01 award may be reduced to no less than 6 person-months (50% full-time professional effort) at the grantee organization and replaced by effort from the research award so that the total level of research commitment remains at 9 person-months (75% full-time professional effort) or more for the duration of the k01 award. to be eligible for salary support from peer-reviewed research awards from any federal agency: the k01 award recipient must be the pd/pi (or one of the named pd/pis, if following the multiple-pd/pi model) on a competing nih research grant application (r01, r03, r15, r21, r34, or equivalent application from another federal agency) or a sub-project director on a competing multi-component research or center grant or cooperative agreement application (p01, p50, u01, etc. or an equivalent application from another federal agency). the k01 award must be active when the competing research grant application is submitted. the k01 award must be in its final two years before the reduction in effort to 6 person-months (50% full-time professional effort) is permitted. when the effort is reduced, the salary will be reduced accordingly. research development support : a maximum of $30,000 per year may be requested for research project requirements and related support (e.g., technical personnel costs, supplies, equipment, candidate travel, publication costs, and tuition) for necessary courses. ancillary personnel support: salary for mentors, secretarial and administrative assistance, etc., is not allowed. indirect costs : these costs, also known as facilities and administrative (f&a) costs, will be reimbursed at eight percent (8%) of modified total direct costs.
RFA-AA-17-007,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niaaa intends to commit an estimated total cost of $4m in fy 2017 to fund one consortium in response to this foa and companion foas (rfa-aa-17-008; rfa-aa-17-009; rfa-aa-17-010; rfa-aa-17-011; rfa-aa-17-012). up to 5 u01 applications are expected to be funded from this foa. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-MH-20-305,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new resubmission the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nimh intends to commit $3 million in fy 2021 to fund 4-6 awards. award budget application budgets are limited to $500,000 in directs costs ( not including consortium f&a) in any project year, and need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 4 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-MD-05-003,section ii. award information 1. mechanism(s) of support this funding opportunity will use the p20 award mechanism. as an applicant, you will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this rfa is a one-time solicitation. the anticipated award date is on or before september 30, 2005. the p20 mechanism supports cores, research projects, pilot research projects, research training, and community partnerships/outreach. it is designed to support planning for new programs, expansion or modification of existing resources, and feasibility studies to explore various approaches to the development of interdisciplinary programs that offer potential solutions to problems of special significance to the mission of the nih. these exploratory studies may lead to specialized or comprehensive centers. research projects are expected to be fully developed and designed to test a research hypotheses in a definitive manner, similar to an r01 in scope. the pilot research project is intended for faculty without current research support related to health disparities. investigators with significant current extramural support for conducting biomedical and behavioral research on health disparities from other nih mechanisms such as the r01 or research funding from another agency are not eligible to submit pilot research projects. support for either a p20 center may be requested for an initial period of up to 5 years, followed by a competitive renewal for an additional 5-year period, pending the availability of ncmhd funding. once awarded and during the term of the award, centers are subject to administrative review for performance, and are not transferable to another institution. although the f&a costs associated with all contractual and consortium arrangements are considered as direct costs to the applicant organization, these will not count against the program direct costs caps. however, these costs should be indicated as instructed on phs 398. it is mandatory that a p20 center have an administrative core, a research core, a research education and training core, and a community partnership/outreach core. to qualify for support, a p20 center must have within the research core at least one research project that is determined by expert review to be scientifically meritorious. for applicants having only a single project, it is necessary that the majority of the research for this one project be conducted at the applicant institution and that the pi for this project have his or her primary appointment at the applicant institution. the number of cores for this rfa is limited to the four mandatory cores. non-competitive renewals will be issued subject to continued availability of funds and acceptable progress toward the funded aims. this funding opportunity uses the just-in-time budget concepts. it also uses the non-modular budget format described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). a detailed categorical budget for the "initial budget period" and the "entire proposed period of support" is to be submitted with the application. 2. funds available ncmhd expects to award a total of $ 9 million dollars in total costs through this announcement; 6 new awards are anticipated awards to be made under this rfa are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications facilities and administrative (f & a or indirect) costs will be provided at the applicant's negotiated rates the funding period will not exceed five years the anticipated start date is on or before september 30, 2005. funding for the years 2-5 of the award period is contingent on the awardee making satisfactory progress, assessed annually, toward the stated objectives the availability of funds, and adherence to nih grant policies. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ncmhd provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. the ncmhd intends to commit approximately $9 million dollars in total costs in fy 2005 to fund 6 new grants in response to this rfa. an exploratory center applicant may request a project period of up to five years and a budget for direct costs up to 1.1 million dollars per year. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation, see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/guide/notice-files/not-od-05-004.html .
RFA-MH-17-300,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nimh intends to commit $3 million in fy2017 to support 8 awards across this foa and its companion. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget application budgets are limited $500,000 direct costs, annually. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AI-14-010,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the issuing ic and partner components intend to commit an estimated total of $8 million to fund up to 25 awards in fy14. award budget the combined budget for direct costs for the two year project period may not exceed $275,000. no more than $200,000 may be requested in any single year a minimum of 50 percent of the total cost budget should be apportioned to activities that will be conducted at the south african site. indirect cost for foreign grantees are limited to 8%. f&a costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation, see not-od-05-004 , november 2, 2004. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum period is 2 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DA-15-009,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. the participating components intend to commit $900,000 in fy 2015 to fund 1 award. award budget application budgets are limited to $900,000 total costs. award project period the maximum project period is 2 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-NS-17-012,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards ninds intends to commit $2,800,000 in fy 2017 to fund up to 4 awards. award budget the maximum project period is 5 years. ug3 phase (1 or 2 years: year 1 and, if applicable, year 2), up to $550,000 direct costs (dc) per year. up to $350,000 dc per year may be budgeted for the proposed research program. up to $200,000 in direct costs per year may be budgeted for the proposed cross-consortium coordinating team (ccct). uh3 phase (3 or 4 years: year 2, if applicable, years 3-4, and year 5, if applicable), up to $1,000,000 dc per year. up to $800,000 dc per year may be budgeted for the proposed research program. up to $200,000 in dc per year may be budgeted for the proposed cross-consortium coordinating team (ccct). award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HD-14-026,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the following nih components intend to commit the following amounts in fiscal year 2014: nichd intends to commit $1,500,000 total costs to fund 3-6 awards. niaid intends to commit $1,400,000 total costs to fund 3-6 awards. the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget budgets up to $750,000 direct costs per year may be requested. award project period the scope of the award should determine the project period. the maximum period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DK-09-503,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity will use the cooperative agreement (u01) award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses non-modular budget formats described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). this funding opportunity will use a cooperative agreement award mechanism. in the cooperative agreement mechanism, the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) retains the primary responsibility and dominant role for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project, with nih staff being substantially involved as a partner with the principal investigator, as described under the section vi. 2. administrative requirements , "cooperative agreement terms and conditions of award". the niddk does not intend to continue the cooperative agreement project beyond the initial period of award. 2. funds available it is anticipated that the niddk will award $600,000 in fiscal year 2010 to the clinical centers and the data coordinating center and $200,000 in fiscal year 2011 to the data coordinating center; it is anticipated that there will be twelve awards in fiscal year 2010 (11 to the clinical centers and 1 award to the data coordinating center) and one award to the data coordinating center in fiscal year 2011; the expected direct cost amount for individual awards is $20,000-100,000 for the clinical centers and $350,000 direct costs to the data coordinating center in fiscal year 2010 and $125,000 in direct costs to the data coordinating center in fiscal year 2011. the estimated amount of funds available for support of 12 projects awarded as a result of this announcement in fiscal year 2010 is $6 00,000 (total costs) and for fiscal year 20 11 a single project will be awarded (the data coordinating center) for $200,000 (total costs) . future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation, see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. section
RFA-RM-19-011,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the nih common fund intends to commit approximately $1,750,000 in fy 2020, contingent upon receiving scientifically meritorious applications. 9-11 awards are anticipated from this solicitation. award budget application budgets are limited to $100,000 in direct costs (excluding subcontract f&a) for one year and need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period for an application submitted under this foa is 1 year. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-RM-08-011,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this foa will use the nih exploratory/developmental research grant (r21) award mechanism . exploratory/developmental grant support is for new projects only; competing renewal (formerly competing continuation ) applications will not be accepted. the applicant will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ). specifically, if you are a u.s. organization and are submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs), use the phs398 modular budget component provided in the sf424 (r&r) application package and sf424 (r&r) application guide (see specifically section 5.4, modular budget component, of the application guide). u.s. applicants requesting more than $250,000 in annual direct costs and all foreign applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component found in the application package for this foa. see not-od-06-096 , august 23, 2006. 2. funds available because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the institutes and centers (ics) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. the nih intends to commit approximately $2 million dollars in fiscal year 20 08 for this and the parallel foa for r0 1 applications, and to fund 2-6 r21 applications and 2-4 r01 applications. the total project period for an application submitted in response to this funding opportunity may not exceed 2 years. although the size of award may vary with the scope of research proposed, it is expected that applications will stay within the budgetary guidelines for an exploratory/developmental project; direct costs are limited to $275,000 over an r21 two-year period, with no more than $200,000 in direct costs allowed in any single year. applicants may request direct costs in $25,000 modules, up to the total direct costs limitation of $275,000 for the combined two-year award period. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. ni h grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. f &a costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 , november 2, 2004. section
RFA-AA-18-003,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards {niaaa} intends to commit ${2.5 million dollars} in fy {2018} to fund {up to 10} awards. award budget application budgets should reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the maximum project period may not exceed 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HD-22-010,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new (sbir direct phase ii) new (phase i, fast-track) the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for the foa. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nichd intends to commit $1.5m in fy 2022 to fund 2 - 4 awards. award budget total funding support (direct costs, indirect costs, fee) normally may not exceed $ 256,580 for phase i awards and $ 1,710,531 for phase ii awards. nih has received a waiver from sba, as authorized by statute, to exceed these total award amount hard caps for specific topics. the current list of approved topics can be found at https://sbir.nih.gov/funding#omni-sbir . navigate to the program descriptions and research topics document, appendix a or the current "sba approved topics list for budget waivers". applicants are strongly encouraged to contact program officials prior to submitting any application in excess of the hard caps listed above and early in the application planning process. in all cases, applicants should propose a budget that is reasonable and appropriate for completion of the research project. award project period according to statutory guidelines, award periods normally may not exceed 6 months for phase i and 2 years for phase ii. applicants are encouraged to propose a project duration period that is reasonable and appropriate for completion of the research project. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-CA-18-018,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? required: only accepting applications that propose clinical trial(s). need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. nci intends to commit a total of $4.45 million in fy 2019 to fund up to two (2) awards. award budget application budgets should be commensurate with the scope of the research activities proposed but must not exceed $1.5 million per year in direct costs. award project period applicants should request a project period of 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-AT-18-001,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nccih intends to commit $2,000,000 in fy 2018 to fund 3-4 awards. award budget direct costs will vary with the scope of the project. support for the r21 phase may be for up to one year in duration and may not exceed $200,000. the r33 phase may not exceed three years and direct costs must not exceed $500,000 in any one year. award project period the project period is limited to 1 year for the r21 phase and to 3 years for the r33 phase. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-RM-17-027,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials. need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nih intends to fund an estimate of 5 awards, corresponding to a total of approximately $2.5m, for fiscal year 2018, $5m for fiscal year 2019, and $9m for fiscal years 2020 and 2021. the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 4 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-HD-13-016,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement application types allowed new renewal from rfa-hd-06-008 the oer glossary and the phs398 application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the nichd intends to commit approximately $2.5 million in total costs [direct plus facilities and administrative (f & a) costs] in fy 2013 to fund up to seven new and/or renewal applications in response to this foa. award budget overall budget - an applicant for a rmu may request a project period of up to five years and a budget for direct costs not to exceed $200,000 for the first and second years with incremental increases for recurring costs (i.e., personnel, consultants, supplies, travel and other expenses), and direct costs not to exceed $250,000 in years 3 through 5 with incremental increases for recurring years. applications exceeding the budgetary limits specified above will be returned to the applicant without peer review. increases in outyear budgets for recurring costs are subject to the availability of funds. applicants should request funds to support: pd/pi : 2.4 person-months (20 percent) effort co-investigators: up to 1.2 person-months (10 percent) effort each research coordinator: 12 person-months (100 percent) effort travel (a total of three trips annually to bethesda, md for pd/pi, co-investigator and research coordinator and one trip annually for pd/pi to nichd center director's meeting) supplies and advertising for protocol recruitment the budget may also include infrastructure costs to support a half-time research coordinator at an ancillary clinical site starting in the third year. ongoing annual budgets for the rmn clinical sites will be based on individual protocols as approved by the sc with reimbursement of 'clinical trial research costs' based on a capitation system. each rmn clinical site will be awarded base costs as described above in addition to funds from the data coordinating center that represents per protocol costs, i.e. a flat fee for each subject successfully enrolled and completed for each study. the pd/pi will be required to project subject enrollment for each specific protocol during a specified time frame, although continuation and the level of funding will be based on actual enrollment. award project period the maximum period of support is 5 years. although the financial plans of the ic provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DK-17-018,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new resubmission the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the niddk intends to commit up to $1,000,000 per year in each of fys 2018, 2019, and 2020 to fund up to 4 awards in each year. award budget application budgets are limited to $275,000 direct costs for two years with a maximum of $150,000 allowed in any year. award project period the maximum project period is two years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-DK-16-020,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new renewal resubmission the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niddk intends to commit approximately $13,500,000 in fy2018 to fund up to 9 awards. award budget application budgets are limited to $1,000,000 per year in direct costs unless the applicant organization proposes to provide regional or national services as described in the funding opportunity description section of the foa. applications proposing a regional/national shared research core or expanded p and f program are limited to $1,250,000 per year in direct costs. these budget limits are exclusive of: (a) first year equipment costs, (b) direct costs on subcontracts to health departments, community health centers or other institutions/agencies that focus on underserved or health disparity populations for the purpose of establishing collaborations and providing access to the research infrastructure to investigators at these institutions to foster health disparities research in populations disproportionately affected by diabetes, (c) a national enrichment program, and (d) facility & administrative (f&a) costs on consortium and subcontract arrangements. it is anticipated that the award budget will be directly correlated to the breadth, quality and relevance to diabetes and related areas of the research base being served by the center. award project period the scope of the proposed center should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HD-08-022,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity will use the institutional research and academic career development award (k12) grant award mechanism(s). the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses non-modular budget formats described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). 2. funds available the estimated amount of funds available for support of one award which may be made annually to a project awarded as a result of this announcement is $ 800,000 in direct costs for fiscal year 20 09 future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. section
RFA-AR-22-002,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards niams intends to commit $2 million direct costs to fund up to 4 awards. award budget application budgets may not exceed $500,000 in direct costs per year. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-AI-12-019,ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement application types allowed new the oer glossary and the phs398 application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niaid intends to commit up to an estimated $10 million total cost in fy 14 to fund 1 multi-component award. award budget application budgets are limited to $10 million per year in total costs. award project period the total project period for an application submitted in response to this funding opportunity may not exceed seven years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AI-16-065,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new renewal - while niaid will not make an award to institutions that are currently funded under the previous version of this foa, rfa-ai-15-032 , renewals will be accepted from applicants funded from rfa-ai-12-006 . resubmission will be accepted only from applicants that were not funded under ai-15-032 . the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niaid intends to commit $7,253,000 in fy 2018 to fund 4 - 5 awards. award budget application budgets are limited to $900,000 in direct cost per year and need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-NS-18-014,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards brain initiative and partner components intend to commit an estimated total of $2.5m to fund 10 awards. award budget the combined budget for direct costs for the two-year project period may not exceed $450,000. no more than $225,000 may be requested in any single year. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 2 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-CA-17-011,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new resubmission the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nci intends to commit $4,000,000 in fy2018 to fund an estimated 10 awards. award budget direct costs are limited to $300,000 per year. application budgets must reflect actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the total project period request may not exceed 3 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-OD-18-004,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the issuing ic and partner components intend to commit a total of $ 16m} to fund {8-10} awards. award budget applicants may submit a budget for direct costs of up to $1.0 million per year for five years. award project period the total project period for an application submitted in response to this foa may not exceed 5 years nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-DK-14-017,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niddk intends to commit $20 million to fund 6-8 awards in fiscal year 2015. award budget the maximum direct costs are $2 million for the entire project period. facilities and administrative costs to be determined at the time of award. budgets should reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 4 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-RM-17-016,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nih intends to commit up to $4m total costs for fy2018 and fy2019, $3m total costs in fy2020, and $2m total costs in fy2021 to support three related foas for udn core laboratories (sequencing rm-17-016, model organisms rm-17-017 and metabolomics rm-17-015). three to six udn core laboratory awards are anticipated in total, one to two per foa contingent upon receiving scientifically meritorious applications. award budget application budgets should not exceed $1.2m direct costs per year in fy18 and fy19, $900k direct costs in fy20, and $600k direct costs in fy21, and must reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the total award period for this foa is 4 years (fy18 through fy21). nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-OD-17-013,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new renewal resubmission the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon funding availability, the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications, and programmatic priority. nih, via support from the fda center for tobacco products (ctp), intends to fund up to 8 r01s, corresponding to a total of up to $4 million, for fiscal year 2018. future year amounts will depend on availability of funds. award budget application budgets are limited to $300,000 in direct costs per year. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 3 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AI-10-006,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity will use the u19 award mechanism(s). the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses non-modular budget formats described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). this funding opportunity will use a cooperative agreement award mechanism. in the cooperative agreement mechanism, the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) retains the primary responsibility and dominant role for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project, with nih staff being substantially involved as a partner with the principal investigator, as described under the section vi. 2. administrative requirements , "cooperative agreement terms and conditions of award". at this time the niaid has not determined whether this funding opportunity will be reissued. 2. funds available niaid intends to commit approximately $5.5 million dollars in fy 2011 to fund 1-3 new applications in response to this foa. an applicant may request a project period of up to 4 years for an application that does not include a pre-phase i clinical trial, and up to 5 years for an application that includes a pre-phase i clinical trial. the ipcp-htm program application must consist of 2 projects and an administrative core to support the preclinical development of a single or combination microbicide candidate at a total direct cost limit of $0.8 million (range $0.5 to $0.8 million). applications may request additional funding to support research in any or all of the following areas of interest: an additional $0.3 million (range $0.2 to $0.3 million) may be requested for applications using non-human primates and/or humanized mouse models for assessment of in vivo safety and/or efficacy of a microbicide candidate or strategy. up to $0.6 million (range $0.2 to $0.6 million) may be requested for applications incorporating an exploratory pre-phase i clinical trial(s). up to $0.3 million (range $0.2 to $0.3 million) may be requested for applications incorporating behavioral studies of microbicide acceptability and conditions for use as either a standalone project or for incorporating these studies into a proposed pre-phase i clinical trial(s). support for a total of 3 years during the 4 or 5 year duration of award may be requested for an ind-enabling critical path project with a maximum direct cost per year of $0.8 million (range $0.4 to $0.8 million). the monies identified for support of this activity may not be used for these types of activities when they are incorporated into another project or core. the total direct cost requested for the ipcp-htm application (base plus combination of 1-4 above) may not exceed $2.8 million. with program officer approval applicants may propose to exceed the individual direct cost cap within the research areas listed above. however, the total direct cost request cannot exceed the sum of the direct cost of all the elements selected for inclusion in the application. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation, see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. section
RFA-CA-20-002,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nci intends to fund an estimate of five awards, corresponding to a total of $17.23 million (total costs) for fiscal year 2020. award budget application budgets must reflect the actual needs and scale of the proposed activities. budget requests must not exceed $3.0 million in direct costs per year. however, the high budget level would be expected only for a large, comprehensive banking operation and significantly lower budget requests are expected for smaller banking operations. award project period applicants should request a project period of 6 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-MH-15-200,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the issuing ic and partner components intend to commit an estimated total of $3.2m to fund 6-8 awards. award budget application budgets are limited to $300,000 in direct costs in any project year, but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 3 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AG-22-002,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nia intends to commit $3 million in fy 2022 to fund 5-6 awards. award budget application budgets are limited to $300,000 in direct costs per year. budget requests must reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-DK-17-008,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niddk intends to commit $1.5 million in fy 2018 to fund 3-4 awards. award budget direct costs are limited to $325,000 per year. award project period the maximum project period is 3 years. due to the challenges associated with implementing a pragmatic trial, it is expected that most applications will propose a project duration of three years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HD-13-012,section ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the phs398 application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nichd intends to commit 1,000,000 dollars in fy 2013. the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations, and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget application budgets are not limited, but need to reflect actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the total project period for an application submitted in response to this foa may not exceed five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DA-10-010,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this foa will use the nih research project grant (r01) award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts (see sf424 (r&r) application guide ) . it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ) . specifically, a u.s. organization submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs) must use the phs398 modular budget component. u.s. applicants requesting more than $250,000 in annual direct costs and all foreign applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component. 2. funds available the national institute on drug abuse (nida) intends to commit approximately $2.5 million dollars in fiscal year 2010 to fund eligible grant applications for this announcement and its companion foa ( rfa-da-10-011 ). it is anticipated that a total of 2-4 r01s and 4-6 r21s could be awarded. the total project period for an application submitted in response to this funding opportunity may not exceed five years. direct costs are limited to no more than $750,000 per year. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AI-14-019,ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niaid intends to commit $12 million in fy 2015 to fund 10 - 15 awards. award budget budgets for direct costs of up to $750,000 per year may be requested. in addition, applicants may request up to a total of $300,000 for major equipment in the first year of the award to ensure that research aims can be met and biohazards can be contained. consortium f&a is not included in the direct cost limitation. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AG-20-028,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nia intends to commit $2 million in direct costs in fy 2020 to fund 2-4 awards. award budget for the r61 planning phase, the combined budget for direct costs for up to two years may not exceed $500,000. for the r33 phase, budgets may go over $500,000. award project period the project period is limited to 5 years, which includes up to 2 years of the r61 phase, followed by up to 4 years of the r33 phase. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-HG-15-021,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. nhgri and partner components intend to fund up to 3 awards, corresponding to a total of $ 3,000,000, for fiscal year 2016. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget application budgets are limited to $650,000 direct costs per year for up to four years. to accommodate collaborations that extend beyond single institutions, facilities & administrative (f&a) charges on the subcontracts, which are formally direct costs to the parent institution, will be excluded in considering the $650,000 cost limit. award project period the grant application may request up to four years of support. the total length of support for any center under this program will not exceed eight years (one competitive renewal will be allowed). nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-MH-21-150,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nimh and partner components intend to commit an estimated total of $3m in fy 2021 to fund 6-9 awards in response to this foa and the companion ( rfa-mh-21-151 ). award budget direct costs are limited to $450,000 over the r34 project period, with no more than $225,000 in direct costs allowed in any single year. award project period the total project period for an application submitted in response to this funding opportunity may not exceed 3 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-AG-22-027,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new resubmission the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s). need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nia intends to commit a total of $2.4 million in fy 2022 to fund approximately 15 awards. award budget application budgets are limited to $100,000 in direct costs per year. award project period the project period is limited to 2 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-HL-20-024,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new resubmission revision the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nhlbi intends to commit total costs of up to $3,800,000 per year in fy2020, fy2021, and fy2022. these funds are anticipated to fund up to 13 new awards per year in fiscal years 2020 through fy2022 for projects submitted to this foa and three companion funding opportunity announcements ( rfa-hl-20-024 , rfa-hl-20-027 , rfa-hl-20-028 ). the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. award budget application budgets must not exceed direct costs of $250,000 per year during the r61 phase and also must not exceed direct costs of $250,000 per year during the r33 phase. the total budget (federal award and non-federal matching contributions) should reflect the actual needs of the overall proposed project. annual project budgets should reflect the actual costs anticipated in each year. matching fund requirement : for the r33 portion of this award, the recipient is required to provide at least a 0.25:1 non-federal match of the federal direct costs requested. award project period the maximum project period of the combined r61 and r33 phases is three years, with up to 2 years for the r61 phase and up to 2 years for the r33 phase. the r61 and the r33 cannot be awarded in the same fiscal year. the scope of the proposed project should determine the requested project award period. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-ES-07-005,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity announcement (foa) will use the nih research project grant ( r01) award mechanism. the applicant will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses the non-modular budget format. a detailed categorical budget for the initial budget period and the entire period of support is to be submitted with the application. applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component found in the application package for this foa . see not-od-06-096 , august 23, 2006. competing renewals will be allowed, but will be considered as unsolicited r01 funding opportunities. 2. funds available because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the institutes and centers (ics) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. niehs intends to commit up to 2.4 million dollars in direct costs ($3.6 million in total costs) in fy 2008 to fund 6 new grants in response to this foa. an applicant may request a project period of up to 5 years and a budget for direct costs up to $400,000 dollars in the first and second years and $275,000 in years 3-5. see section iv.6. other submission requirements below for details on the breakdown of the budget. niehs intends to release this foa again in each of the next two years, contingent on availability of funds. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. f &a costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 , november 2, 2004. section
RFA-DA-17-023,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards one award will be funded for up to 5 years, corresponding to a total of $370,000, for fiscal year 2017. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations; however, plans are to provide $370,000 per year in subsequent years award budget application budgets are limited to $370,000 direct costs in each year of the project. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DA-20-014,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nida intends to commit $2 million in fy 2020 to fund 3-4 awards. award budget application budgets are limited to $400,000 direct costs per year. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-RM-06-007,section ii. award information 1. mechanism(s) of support this funding opportunity will use the pn2 award mechanism. this mechanism is used to support research development centers that will be available to qualified investigators without regard to the scientific disciplines or disease orientations of their research activities. the maximum award duration will be five years. other transactions and use of flexible research authority (fra) this nih (pn2) is an other transaction award mechanism that is anticipated to operate under flexible research authority (fra). congress granted the nih flexible research authority for certain nih roadmap initiatives including the nanomedicine initiative so that staff, applicants, and awarded center personnel could maximize the programs rapid development and success. fra confers the following advantages: encourages improved, extensive consultation with the research community during the planning process; greater flexibility in evaluation and the peer review process; expanded award authorities to facilitate collaborations; and flexible resource allocation and re-allocation during the awarded project period since the directions and needs of an emerging field may change. as an applicant, you will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this funding opportunity uses the just-in-time budget concepts. it also uses the non-modular budget format described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). a detailed categorical budget for the "initial budget period" and the "entire proposed period of support" is to be submitted with the application. the principal investigator retains the primary responsibility and dominant role for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project, with nih staff being substantially involved as a partner with the principal investigator, as described under the section vi. 2. administrative requirements . the scientific vision of the nanomedicine roadmap initiative was conceived as a ten year plan. nih roadmap funding plans have been established only through 2010. it is anticipated that each roadmap initiative will be evaluated for continuation after that date, and we expect that successful implementation of the nanomedicine initiative will lead to continued support in the future. 2. funds available on behalf of the nih roadmap, the national eye institute (nei) intends to make two, three or four awards under this rfa. applicants may request a maximum project period of five years. this rfa is a solicitation for additional centers that, with the four centers awarded in fiscal year 2005, will participate in the nih nanomedicine network of ndcs. maximum awards for new centers funded under this rfa in fy2006 will be $1.4 million (total costs), which matches the first year funds for the ndcs awarded in fy2005. thereafter, it is expected that a base amount of $1.2 million per year will be available for each center during the award period. although the financial plans of nih roadmap provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of highly meritorious applications. it is anticipated that new awards will begin on or before september 30, 2006. in future years, additional program funds are expected to be available to augment the base amount of $1.2 million. the network of ndcs is awarded under flexible research authority ( section ii. award information ) that uses modified peer review and flexible award management. additional funds are anticipated to be available throughout the award period to potentially augment the base amount of $1.2 million. approximately 15% of total program funds will be distributed to awarded centers based on emerging opportunities or needs among centers either for network resources or for individual ndcs. in fy 2008-9, program funds are expected to double. the increased funds may be used for scaling up operations, for additional centers, or for new initiatives identified by nih staff in consultation with external consultants and the network investigators. increased funds in fy2008-9 will be allocated based on competitive ndc budget requests, progress, new opportunities, and other network requirements as described in section vi. 2a. terms and conditions of award . total amount of funds anticipated for the ndc network under this and prior solicitations is approximately $93.5 million.
RFA-DK-12-002,ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niddk intends to commit $4 million total costs in fy 2012. award budget the requested budget may vary across years and may not exceed $530,000 direct costs per year. the total direct costs over a five year period should be commensurate with needs and not exceed $2.65 million dollars. award project period the total project period for an application submitted in response to this foa may not exceed five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-CA-18-029,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? required: only accepting applications that propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nci intends to commit $5,000,000 in fy 2019 for up to 5 awards and $10,000,000 per year in subsequent years. award budget the requested budget must not exceed $625,000 in direct costs for year 1 and $1,250,000 in direct costs for subsequent years. award project period all applicants should request a 5-year project period. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-DK-19-001,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the niddk intends to commit up to $1.5 million to fund 1 or 2 awards in fy 2019. the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. award budget application budgets are limited to $1.0 million direct costs per year, exclusive of indirect costs on subcontracts, per year. budgets are expected to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the maximum project period is 4 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-ES-14-005,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new (phase i) new (fast-track) renewal (phase ii) the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) sbir/sttr application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niehs intends to commit $3 million in fy 2015 to fund a combination of 4-8 phase ii renewals and new phase i awards. award budget budgets up to $225,000 total costs per year for phase i and up to $750,000 total costs per year for phase ii may be requested. award project period durations up to 1 year for phase i and up to 2 years for phase ii may be requested. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HL-18-026,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new resubmission the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials note: applicants may propose to gain experience in a clinical trial led by a mentor/co-mentor as part of their research career development. need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nhlbi intends to commit total costs up to $1,500,000 in fy2018 to fund up to 10 awards. award budget award budgets are composed of salary and other program-related expenses, as described below. award project period the total project period may not exceed 5 years. other award budget information salary nhlbi will contribute up to $ 100,000 per year toward the salary of the career award recipient. further guidance on budgeting for career development salaries is provided in the sf424 (r&r) application guide. the total salary requested must be based on a full-time staff appointment. the salary must be consistent both with the established salary structure at the institution and with salaries actually provided by the institution from its own funds to other staff members of equivalent qualifications, rank, and responsibilities in the department concerned. if full-time, 12-month salaries are not currently paid to comparable staff members, the salary proposed must be appropriately related to the existing salary structure. confirmation of salary may be required prior to the issuance of an award. fringe benefits, based on the sponsoring institution's rate and the percent of effort, are provided in addition to salary. the sponsoring institution may supplement the nih salary contribution up to a level that is consistent with the institution's salary scale. however, supplementation may not be from federal funds unless specifically authorized by the federal program from which such funds are derived. in no case may phs funds be used for salary supplementation. institutional supplementation of salary must not require extra duties or responsibilities that would interfere with the purpose of the career award. the total salary, however, may not exceed the legislatively mandated salary cap. see: http://grants.nih.gov/grants/policy/salcap_summary.htm . other program-related expenses nhlbi will contribute $30,000 per year toward the research development costs of the award recipient, which must be justified and consistent with the stage of development of the candidate and the proportion of time to be spent in research or career development activities. k awardee meeting. upon initiation of the program, the nhlbi will hold one 2-day meeting during the project period to encourage the exchange of information among the k awardees and the nhlbi program staff. the meeting may also include others on a similar career trajectory who also are preparing for independent research careers. therefore, in the preparation of the budget for the grant application, the candidate should allocate travel supporting one 2-day meeting during the third project year only to be held in or near bethesda, md. at these meetings, k awardees will present their results, and learn about next steps in their research career. salary for mentors, secretarial and administrative assistants, etc. is not allowed. reasonable accommodations: as part of this award, funds may be requested to make changes or adjustments in the research setting that will make it possible for a qualified individual with a disability to perform the essential functions associated with his/her role on the project. the accommodations requested under this program must be directly related to the performance of the proposed role on the research project and must be appropriate to the disabilities of the individual. some types of accommodations that might be provided under this award include: specialized equipment, assistive devices, and personnel such as readers, interpreters, or assistants. in all cases, the total funds for accommodations requested must be reasonable. indirect costs indirect costs (also known as facilities & administrative [f&a] costs) are reimbursed at 8% of modified total direct costs. nih grant policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AA-10-003,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity will use the specialized alcohol research center (p50) award mechanism(s). the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses non-modular budget formats described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). 2. funds available the estimated amount of funds available for support of 2 to 3 projects awarded as a result of this announcement is $4-6 million for fiscal year 20 11 . the total cost for a p50 center may not exceed $1.8 million per year. applicants may request a project period of up to 5 years. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. section
RFA-AA-19-001,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards niaaa intends to commit $7.5 m in fy 2019. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. niaaa expects one award. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the maximum period of support is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-AG-16-001,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nia intends to commit $2,250,000 in fy 2016 to fund 1 award. direct costs are limited to $2,000,000 per year. award project periodaward budget the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AG-12-012,section ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the phs398 application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nia, division of behavioral and social research intends to commit $4,000,000 fy 2012 for 5-7 awards and a coordinating center. award budget application budgets are limited to $400,000 direct costs (exclusive of the cost of a coordinating center), but need to reflect actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the project period is for five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-CA-13-010,ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the phs 398 application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the nci will allocate $5 million and fic $0.4 million in fiscal year 2014 to jointly fund approximately six to seven awards. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget application budgets should be commensurate with the scope of research activities proposed but must not exceed $750,000 per year in total costs. award project period applicants may request up to 5 years of support. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HL-14-031,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nih intends to commit $3,000,000 for fiscal year 2014 to fund one award. award budget budgets are limited to $2,000,000 in direct costs per year but must reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the maximum project period is 3 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-RR-09-005,section ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity will use the nih center core grant (p30) award mechanism(s). the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses non-modular budget formats described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). 2. funds available the ncrr intends to commit approximately $14 million to support this activity, contingent upon the availability of funds. an applicant must request a project period of five years and may request direct costs up to, but no more than, $750,000 per year. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation, see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-RM-18-022,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the nih common fund (office of strategic coordination) intends to commit up to $4.0m per year in fy 2019-2022 to fund up to six awards, contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. award budget application budgets should not exceed $415,000 direct costs per year in fy 2019 and need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the maximum project period is four years (fy2019-2022). nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-RM-13-012,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nih common fund intends to commit $2.5 million in fy 2014 to fund up to 3 uh2 (planning phase) demonstration project awards and $14 million in fy 2015-18 for up to 2 subsequent uh3 (implementation phase) demonstration projects, contingent upon receiving scientifically meritorious applications. additional awards may be supported if additional funds are available. award budget the application budget for the one-year uh2 phase is limited to $500,000 in direct costs. costs for each year of the uh3 phase are limited to $1 million in direct costs. award project period the maximum period of funding for the entire uh2/uh3 application is five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DA-09-015,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this foa will use the r01 award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts (see sf424 (r&r) application guide ) . it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ) . specifically, a u.s. organization submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs) must use the phs398 modular budget component. u.s. applicants requesting more than $250,000 in annual direct costs and all foreign applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component. 2. funds available the total project period for the r01 application submitted in response to this foa may not exceed 5 years and not exceed $1.4 million dollars in direct costs. the nida has set aside $2.0 million in fiscal year 2009 to fund 2 to 5 applications and niaaa intends to commit approximately $1 million dollars total cost to fund 2-3 new grants in response to this foa . because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DE-20-006,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nidcr intends to commit $3m total costs in fy 2021 to fund 5-8 awards solicited from rfa-de-20-006 and rfa-de-20-007. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-RM-08-001,ii. provide costs broken down into the following categories a-f. within each category, costs should include management, administrative support, personnel, supplies, reagents, informatics support, and indirect costs. a. base production costs. state as total costs and as cost per q20 kbp. this includes, in addition to the above: management lims, informatics support and costs associated with coordination on shared projects, amortized equipment costs (amortized over three years) associated with shotgun sequencing, incremental bioinformatics improvements, incremental technology development, (i.e., improvements to technologies already incorporated into production), routine automated bac assembly, data submission. provide information separately for 1. small insert plasmids; 2. large-insert plasmids; 3. wgs fosmids; 4. bac-ends. b. library construction costs. c. quality assessment d. whole genome assembly costs. e. assembly assessment and validation costs. this includes assembly assessment and validation, and assembly quality assessment, map and sequence integration. f. manual annotation costs. b. costs and throughput for finished sequence production : provide the total number of finished bases produced, and the total costs associated with finishing (over and above those associated with production of the unfinished data). c. costs and throughput for additional activities not part of the above . please list other activities and associated costs. this may include: i. genome analysis biological analysis of data ii. other for example, finding snps, est sequencing, sage tag sequencing, publication preparation, outreach, interaction with scientific communities 2. assessment of quality of previous sequencing products. the applicant should describe how the quality of sequencing products related to this rfa have been measured or assessed. 3. prior experience in attaining production milestones. the applicant should describe and document his/her track record in attaining production milestones. 6.i.3 . informatics. the applicant should discuss his/her experience with all aspects of informatics related to the production aspects of large-scale sequencing, including basic it infrastructure, laboratory information management (lims), and data handling and deposition. applicants should also discuss experience with informatics and software development related to analysis of sequence data, including genome assembly, automated annotation, analysis of medical sequencing data, etc. 6.i.4 . technology implementation. if the applicant proposes to utilize next generation technology in this project he/she should address any experience that s/he has had in improving technology for large-scale sequencing and in integrating new sequencing platforms. the discussion should describe, in quantitative terms, the effect that such technology improvements have had in process improvement and decreased production costs. 6.i.5 . outreach and dissemination. the applicant should address past experience in collaborating with individual research communities on specific genome projects. of particular interest is experience in dissemination of knowledge about how to use the genome sequence, and the scientific outcomes of those collaborative relationships. 6.ii . the research proposal. this section (a maximum of 30 pages) comprises the applicant's proposed plan for meeting the objectives of this rfa. the organization suggested below is optional and the applicant is free to use an alternative presentation but, in so doing, must address all of the issues raised below. 6.ii.1 . sequence production. the application should describe the sequence production component proposed, the strategy or strategies that will be used to generate various sequencing products required for the rfa, the projected throughput, the expected or needed read characteristics and quality (for all platforms), the assembly strategy and all other pertinent factors. the applicant should present a clear plan, including concrete milestones, for meeting and exceeding the current state of the art in all areas of production sequencing discussed in this rfa. all phases of the production process must be addressed, as well as: a. the overall projected cost and throughput proposed for each year of requested funding. costs, success rates, and throughput must be discussed using the definitions given above in the description of the progress report. b. potential bottlenecks or other problems that can be anticipated, as well as proposed solutions; c. timelines and quantitative milestones where appropriate, especially for throughput, cost, quality, and adoption of new technologies; 6.ii.2 . informatics. applicants should discuss the informatics that will be used to support sequence production, including routine it/systems administration, lims, etc. applicants should discuss any proposed sequence assembly informatics that will be used in genome assembly. applicants to this rfa may propose appropriate automated annotation and, if so, should provide details in the application about the extent of annotation to be done, justifying choices based on the utility of the annotated sequence to the user community, and defining the point at which primary annotation (of projects, genome assemblies, finished genomes, etc.) will be considered to be complete enough for hand-off to the community. 6.ii.3 . outreach and dissemination. the applicant should discuss how s/he would work with the various research communities that are consumers of sequence data, including a description of what the applicants believe is the best product for different research communities, the end-point for particular kinds of projects, and how s/he would propose to increase the ability of those communities to use the sequence data over the short- and long-term. 6.ii.4 . management plan. the application should describe the management plan for the proposed work, and how it will support the goals proposed.
RFA-HD-17-010,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nichd intends to commit approximately $1.9 million dollars in fy 2017 to fund 1 award. award budget an applicant for the data coordinating center may request a budget with direct costs of up to $1.3 million per year. award project period the total project period for an application submitted in response to this foa may not exceed five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DK-13-501,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niddk intends to commit $3.5 million dollars for one award in fy 2013. award budget the mapp network data coordination core (dcc) may request up to $3.5 million total costs for a one-year funding period. the $3.5 million total cost is for dcc activities and establishing the mapp network integrated basic/translation science working group. award project period the maximum project period is 1 year. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-NS-21-026,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials. need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards issuing ic and partner components intend to commit an estimated total of $10,000,000 per year to fund 15-20 awards. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the maximum project period is 3 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-HD-16-012,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the nichd intends to commit approximately $2.2 million in fiscal year 2016 to fund 6 - 8 grants. award budget an applicant may request a budget of up to $180,000 per year in direct costs. award project period an applicant may request a project period of five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-CA-21-015,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new resubmission the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nci intends to commit $3,600,000 in fy 2022 to fund 4 awards award budget budgets are limited to $600,000 direct costs (excluding consortium f&a) per year. award project period the maximum project period is five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-TR-21-009,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s). need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nih intends to commit $18 million in total costs over a five-year period, i.e. up to $3m for years 1 and 2 and up to $4m for years 3 - 5. nih anticipates funding 2 - 3 awards. award budget application budgets are limited to $650,000 direct cost per year for years 1 and 2, and $800,000 direct cost per year for years 3 - 5. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-AA-09-006,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this foa will use the nih research project (r01) grant award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts (see sf424 (r&r) application guide ) . it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ) . specifically, a u.s. organization submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs) must use the phs398 modular budget component. u.s. applicants requesting more than $250,000 in annual direct costs and all foreign applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component. 2. funds available the total amount of funding niaaa expects to award through this announcement is $2.0 million. the anticipated number of awards is 6-8 an applicant may request a project period of up to five years and a budget for direct costs in the range of $150,000 to $400,000 dollars per year. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HG-09-014,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity will use a cooperative agreement award mechanism. in the cooperative agreement mechanism, the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) retains the primary responsibility and dominant role for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project, with nih staff being substantially involved as a partner with the principal investigator, as described under the section vi. 2. administrative requirements , "cooperative agreement terms and conditions of award". plans beyond the current funding opportunity are indefinite. 2. funds available the total amount of funding that gei expects to award through this announcement is up to $750,000 total costs for one year, in fy2010. it is anticipated that 3-6 awards will be made. additional awards may be made if other institutes or centers provide support. an application submitted for this foa may request a project period of one year and direct costs of up to $150,000. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. gei includes the potential for an allocation of funds to the nih intramural research program, if such applications are among the most meritorious. the awards to intramural scientists will be limited to the incremental costs required for participation. these awards will not include salary or fringe benefits for federal employees with permanent appointments or costs related to administrative or facilities support (equivalent to f&a costs). facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation, see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. section
RFA-MH-14-210,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nimh intends to commit approximately $5 million in fy 2014 to fund an estimate of 5-6 awards in response to this foa and the companion announcements. award budget application budgets are not limited, but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the total project period for an application submitted in response to this foa may not exceed five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-MD-17-004,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nimhd intends to commit $6,000,000 in fy 2017 to fund three awards. award budget applicant institutions may request up to $2,000,000 in direct costs. indirect costs may not be requested. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. applicants will receive a warning, which can be ignored, if the project period is 4 or 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AA-16-002,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed renewals the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niaaa intends to commit $7 million in fy 2016 for this foa and companion foas (rfa-aa-16-001 and rfa-aa-16-003). for this foa, niaaa expects to fund up to 4 applications. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget the application may not exceed $200,000 in total direct costs per year. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-NS-22-034,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new resubmission revision the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials. need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards issuing ic and partner components intend to issue 8-10 awards in 2022. awards issued under this foa are part of funds set aside to support the heal (helping to end addiction long-term) initiative. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period total project duration of no more than 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-MH-21-116,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nimh intends to commit a total of $2,000,000 in fy 2021 to fund 3-5 awards in response to this foa and the companion foa. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-CA-09-010,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity will use the u24 coo perative agreement funding mechanism. the project director/principal investigator(s) [pd(s)/pi(s)] will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses non-modular budget formats described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). this funding opportunity will use a cooperative agreement award mechanism. in the cooperative agreement mechanism, the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) retains the primary responsibility and dominant role for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project, with nih staff being substantially involved as a partner with the principal investigator, as described under the section vi. 2. administrative requirements , "cooperative agreement terms and conditions of award". 2. funds available the nci intends to commit up to $18 milli on in total costs in fy 2009, and up to $90 million over the planned 5-year project period, to support 2-4 gcc awards and 2-6 gdac awards as a result of this foa. future year amounts will depend o n annual appropriations. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the nci provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation, see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. section
RFA-CA-16-017,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nci intends to commit $1.5 million in fy 2018 to fund 1 award. award budget applications are limited to a total of $1 million per year in direct costs. award project period a project period of 5 years must be proposed. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AG-17-007,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nia intends to commit $135,000 total costs in fy 2017 to fund 1-2 awards. award budget direct costs may not exceed $80,000. award project period the maximum project period is five years nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-RM-16-007,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nih common fund intends to commit approximately $8 million dollars in fy 2017 and make approximately seven awards depending on the size and scope of the most meritorious awards award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the maximum project period is five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-MH-17-550,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nimh intends to fund an estimate of 4-6 awards for this foa and the companion foas, corresponding to a total of $2,000,000, for fiscal year 2017. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. nichd intends to fund an estimate of 2-3 awards for a total of- $1,000,000 for this foa and the companion r21 foa for fiscal year 2017. exact amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-RM-13-009,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the nih common fund intends to commit approximately $4,000,000 in fy 2014. approximately 10 awards are anticipated, contingent upon availability of funds and receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. award budget awards will be for up to $250,000 in direct costs per year, plus applicable facilities and administrative (f&a) costs. award project period five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HL-18-004,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new renewal resubmission the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. nhlbi intends to commit up to total costs of $4,620,000 per year for fy2018, fy2019, fy2020 and fy2021 to fund an estimated six awards. award budget application budgets are limited to a maximum of $499,999 direct costs in any year (excluding consortium f&a). budgets need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is four years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-CA-21-021,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s). need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nih intends to fund four to five awards, corresponding to a total of $5.6m, for fiscal year 2022. future year amounts are anticipated to be at the same levels but will ultimately depend on annual appropriations. award budget application budgets may not exceed $850,000 in direct costs per year (excluding sub-award f&a costs) and must reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period total project period may not exceed 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-DA-10-009,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity will use the u10 award mechanism(s). the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses non-modular budget formats described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). this funding opportunity will use a cooperative agreement award mechanism. in the cooperative agreement mechanism, the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) retains the primary responsibility and dominant role for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project, with nih staff being substantially involved as a partner with the principal investigator, as described under the section vi. 2. administrative requirements , "cooperative agreement terms and conditions of award". this foa is a one-time solicitation. nida expects to award these cooperative agreement projects for a 5 year project, subject to availability of funds. nida also expects to issue a revision of this foa at the close of the 5 year project period. 2. funds available nida expects to make up to 12 awards under this foa for project periods of 5 years of support. it is expected that each node will have an operating budget of up to $750,000 direct costs per year. nida may consider budget requests of up to $875,000 direct costs for applications that propose multiple pis from one or more institutions. costs for specific protocols are managed centrally at nida and dispersed as supplements to the u10 grants. requested budgeting for future years of the u10 award should reflect core support only, as described below. the anticipated award date for this foa is august 31, 2010. because the role and function of a ctn research node is well established, it is expected that the size of individual awards for core support will be similar. budget requests should be carefully justified and commensurate with the complexity of the proposed node. although this program is provided for in the financial plans of nida, awards pursuant to this foa are contingent upon the availability of funds for this purpose. it is anticipated that there will be subsequent foas to sustain or expand the ctn, subject to availability of funds. the estimated amount of funds available for support of up to 12 projects awarded as a result of this announcement is $13.5 million total costs for fiscal year 2010. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation; see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. section
RFA-AA-17-005,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niaaa and participating ics intend to commit an estimated total cost of $5.0 m in fy 2017 to fund one consortium in response to this foa and the companion foas (rfa-aa-17-003, rfa-aa-17-004). the participating ics intend to make 1 award from this foa. award budget applicants may request up to $600,000 in direct costs per year. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DK-15-018,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niddk intends to commit $4,000,000 in fiscal year 2016 to fund 4 awards. award budget application budgets are limited to $1,600,000 direct costs for the duration of the award, but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. funds for the entire duration of the project will be awarded in the first year. budgets are expected to vary depending on the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the maximum project period is 3 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-RM-14-011,ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nih common fund will commit at least $2.5 million/year for 5 years to support one award intended to be funded in 2015. although the financial plans of the nih provides support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget application budgets are limited to $2.5 million total costs per year and must reflect actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the total project period requested for this foa may not exceed five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-MH-16-220,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. nimh intends to commit $1.5 million in fy 2016 to fund 3-4 awards. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the uh2 period may not exceed 2 years, the uh3 period may not exceed 3 years. the total duration of the uh2 and uh3 phases may not exceed 4 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-MH-20-510,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new resubmission the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? required: only accepting applications that propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nimh intends to commit a total of $2,250,000 in fy 2020 to fund 3 awards. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 4 years nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-AI-14-055,ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niaid intends to commit $21 million in fy 2015 to fund 5-7 awards. award budget application budgets for the admin core, research projects, and service cores combined are capped at $3.5 million total costs per year, and should reflect the actual needs of the proposed center. the budget requests for the required consortium-wide cores must be separate from the $3.5 million total costs per year. the total direct cost requested for the centers for medical countermeasures against radiation application (including the consortium-wide cores) may not exceed $9.5 million. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-RM-05-015,section ii. award information 1. mechanism(s) of support this funding opportunity will use the t32 nih ruth l. kirschstein national research service institutional training award mechanism(s). as an applicant, you will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this funding opportunity uses the non-modular budget format described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). a detailed categorical budget for the "initial budget period" and the "entire proposed period of support" is to be submitted with the application. 2. funds available the nih roadmap intends to commit approximately $ 6.5 m illion in total costs [direct plus facilities and administrative (f&a) costs] in fy 2005 to fund 9-10 new and/or competing continuation grants in response to this rfa. an applicant may request a project period of up to five years and a budget for direct costs up to $642,000 per year. facilities and administrative costs requested by subcontracts are not included in the direct cost limitation (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/guide/notice-files/not-od-05-004.html ). because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. this is a one time solicitation with an anticipated award date of september 2005. however, there will be subsequent re-issuance and re-competition of a similar program in fy 2006.
RFA-RM-18-017,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the nih common fund (office of strategic coordination) intends to commit $1.0m in fy 2018 to fund up to three awards, contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. award budget application budgets should not exceed $250,000 direct cost per year in fy 2018 - fy 2022 and need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years (fy 2018 - 2022). nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-ES-18-013,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards niehs intends to commit $1.0m total cost in fy 2019 to fund 1 award. award budget application budgets limited to $700,000 direct costs per year. award project period the project period is limited to 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-DK-19-013,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards niddk intends to commit up to $1,000,000 in fy 2020 to fund 1 award in fy 2020. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. the direct costs for the award are expected to be approximately $15?0,000 per year (excluding pilot and feasibility projects). applicants may ask for $500,000 or more in direct costs per year for the pilot and feasibility projects. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-DE-12-012,ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nidcr intends to support three to four r21 exploratory/developmental grant applications solicited through this foa. a companion foa, rfa-de-12-011, will support an additional three to four r01 applications. nidcr intends to commit up to $2 million in total costs in fy2012 to support meritorious projects solicited through these two foas. award budget budget proposals are limited to $275,000 direct costs over a 2-year project period, with no more than $200,000 in direct costs allowed in a single year. award project period the total project period for an application submitted in response to this funding opportunity may not exceed two years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-NS-11-006,section ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new the oer glossary and the phs398 application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards ninds intends to commit an estimated total of $600,000 direct costs in fy2011, for up to 2 awards award budget support may be requested for up to $300,000 in direct costs per year (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs) for up to 3 years . award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 3 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. section
RFA-DK-14-001,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niddk intends to commit $4,745,000 in fy 2015 to fund 4-5 awards. although the financial plans of the niddk provide support for this program, awards are contingent upon nih appropriations, the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications and continued availability of funds. award budget awards are expected to not exceed $1 million total costs (including f&a costs). in general, application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the maximum project period is five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-ES-12-002,section ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new renewal resubmission revision the oer glossary and the phs398 application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niehs intends to fund about 4 awards, corresponding to a total of $6 million, for fiscal year 2013. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget new or first-time applicants can apply for up to 4 years of support. new applications are limited to requests for no more than $600,000 in direct costs in the first year; $700,000 in direct costs in the second year; $800,000 in direct costs in the third year; and $900,000 in direct costs in the fourth year. renewal applications may request up to 5 years of support and up to $1,100,000 direct costs per year. for all applications, both new and renewal, the total request must include a community outreach and engagement core (coec, formerly community outreach and education core) to which a minimum of $100,000 direct costs must be devoted each year. award project period new or first-time applicants can apply for up to 4 years of support. renewal applications may request up to 5 years of support. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-NS-19-001,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? required: only accepting applications that propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards issuing ic and partner components intend to commit an estimated total of $8m to fund 5 awards per receipt date. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-DK-13-019,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the niddk intends to commit $1,000,000 in fy 2014 to fund 3-4 awards. award budget applicants may request no more than $200,000 in direct costs per year. the maximum budget for the education enrichment program is $25,000. award project period the maximum project period is 2 years. the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-CA-09-025,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity will use the nih u01 award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses non-modular budget formats described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). this funding opportunity will use a cooperative agreement award mechanism. in the cooperative agreement mechanism, the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) retains the primary responsibility and dominant role for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project, with nih staff being substantially involved as a partner with the principal investigator, as described under the section vi. 2. administrative requirements , "cooperative agreement terms and conditions of award." 2. funds available the estimated amount of funds available for support of approximately 6 projects awarded as a result of this announcement is $5.4 million for fiscal year 2010 and $6.0 million for fiscal years 2011 through 2014, although amounts will depend on annual appropriations. the ncis general intent is to fund not more than one project for the modeling of each of the identified cancer types. applicants may request project periods of up to 5 years and budget for up to $1.3m total costs for the first year. for more details on the budget restrictions, see section iv.5 - funding restrictions of this foa. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the nci provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. section
RFA-HL-20-004,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. nhlbi intends to fund up to one award, corresponding to total costs of up to $750,000 in fiscal year 2020, $625,000 total costs in fy2021 to fy2025 and $750,000 in fiscal year 2026. award budget application budgets may not exceed direct costs of up to $485,000 in fiscal year (fy) 2020. in fy 2021 through fy 2025 application budgets may not exceed direct costs of up to $405,000 per year, and in fy 2026, application budgets many not exceed direct costs of up to $485,000. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is up to 7 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-NS-14-001,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards ninds intends to commit $462,500 in fy2014. award budget a maximum of $462,500 in direct costs per year. award project period 5 years other award budget information personnel costs individuals designing, directing, and implementing the research education program may request salary and fringe benefits appropriate for the person months devoted to the program. salaries requested may not exceed the levels commensurate with the institution's policy for similar positions and may not exceed the congressionally mandated cap. (if mentoring interactions and other activities with students/participants are considered a regular part of an individual's academic duties, then any costs associated with the mentoring and other interactions with students/participants are not allowable costs from grant funds). participant costs participants may be paid if specifically required for the proposed research education program and sufficiently justified. participant costs must be itemized in the proposed budget allowable participant costs depend on the educational level/career status of the individuals to be selected to participate in the program. while generally not an allowable cost, with strong justification, participants in the research education program may receive per diem unless such costs are furnished as part of the registration fee. participants may also receive funds to defray partial tuition, and other education-related expenses. expenses for foreign travel must be exceptionally well justified. individuals supported by nih training and career development mechanisms (k, t, or f awards) may receive, and indeed are encouraged to receive, educational experiences supported by the r25 mechanism, as participants, but may not receive salary or stipend supplementation from a research education program. because the r25 mechanism is not intended as a substitute for an nrsa institutional training program (t32), costs to support full-time participants (supported for 40 hours/week for a continuous, 12-month period) are not allowable. other program-related expenses consultant costs, equipment, supplies, travel for key persons, and other program-related expenses may be included in the proposed budget. these expenses must be justified as specifically required by the proposed program and must not duplicate items generally available at the applicant institution. indirect costs indirect costs (also known as facilities & administrative [f&a] costs) are reimbursed at 8% of modified total direct costs (exclusive of tuition and fees and expenditures for equipment), rather than on the basis of a negotiated rate agreement. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-RM-20-005,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the office of strategic coordination ( common fund ) intends to commit $7.5m in fy2020 to fund 10-14 awards award budget application budgets may not exceed $400,000 in direct costs for any one year and need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the maximum project period is five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-AR-11-004,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this foa will use the nih r01 revision (formerly referred to as competitive supplement ) award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts (see sf424 (r&r) application guide ) . it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ) . specifically, a u.s. organization submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs) must use the phs398 modular budget component. u.s. applicants requesting more than $250,000 in annual direct costs and all foreign applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component. 2. funds available the niams plans to commit $1m in total cost in fy 2011 to fund 1 to 3 art awards for both rfa-ar-11-004 and rfa-ar-11-005. direct costs requested for the art award are limited to $650,000 over the entire project period. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-MH-11-080,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this foa will use the nih research project grant (r01) award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts (see sf424 (r&r) application guide ) . it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ) . specifically, a u.s. organization submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs) must use the phs398 modular budget component. u.s. applicants requesting more than $250,000 in annual direct costs and all foreign applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component. 2. funds available the nimh intends to commit approximately $2,000,000 in fy 2011 to fund four to six awards in response to this funding opportunity and the companion announcements. an applicant may request a project period of up to five years and budget for direct costs up to $500,000 per year. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HD-21-026,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nichd intends to commit $2,500,000 in fy 2021 to fund 2 awards. award budget application budgets are limited to $850,000 in direct costs per year (excluding subcontract f&a) and need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-DK-14-028,ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niddk intends to commit $3.5 million and nci intends to commit $2.5 million, totaling $6 million to fund one coordinating and data management center (rfa-dk-14-028) and up to nine clinical centers . award budget application budgets are limited to $1.0 million in direct costs, exclusive of f&a costs for consortium and subcontract arrangements. application budgets should reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-TW-11-004,ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards this initiative is supported by institutes and centers (ics) of the nih who have signed on to support the medical education partnership initiative (mepi). the amount of funding and the number of awards will rely on the interests of the participating institutes and centers , and is contingent upon nih appropriations, and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. the participating nih institutes and the nih common fund intend to commit a total of $2,750,000 to support up to 8-10 awards in fy 2012. the following nih components intend to commit the following amounts in fy 2012: nidcd will commit $250,000 nimh will commit$250,000 ninds will commit$750,000 nida will commit $250,000 nih common fund will commit $1.25 million future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget the linked award application budget may not exceed $250,000 direct costs per year per award. award project period the total project period for an application submitted in response to this funding opportunity announcement may not exceed 3 years. other award budget information personnel costs individuals designing, directing, and implementing the research education program may request salary and fringe benefits appropriate for the person months devoted to the program. salaries requested may not exceed the levels commensurate with the institution's policy for similar positions and may not exceed the congressionally mandated cap. (if mentoring interactions and other activities with students/participants are considered a regular part of an individual's academic duties, then any costs associated with the mentoring and other interactions with students/participants are not allowable costs from grant funds). participant costs participants may be paid if specifically required for the proposed research education program and sufficiently justified. participant costs must be itemized in the proposed budget. allowable participant costs depend on the educational level/career status of the individuals to be selected to participate in the program. while generally not an allowable cost, with strong justification, participants in the research education program may receive partial costs of meals unless such costs are furnished as part of the registration fee. participants may also receive funds to defray partial tuition, and other education-related expenses. expenses for foreign travel must be exceptionally well justified. individuals supported by nih training and career development mechanisms (k, t, or f awards) may receive, and indeed are encouraged to receive, educational experiences supported by the r25 mechanism, as participants, but may not receive salary or stipend supplementation from a research education program. because the r25 mechanism is not intended as a substitute for an nrsa institutional training program (t32), costs to support full-time participants (supported for 40 hours/week for a continuous, 12-month period) are not allowable. other program-related expenses consultant costs, equipment, supplies, travel for key persons, and other program-related expenses may be included in the proposed budget. these expenses must be justified as specifically required by the proposed program and must not duplicate items generally available at the applicant institution. indirect costs indirect costs (also known as facilities & administrative [f&a] costs) are reimbursed at 8% of modified total direct costs (exclusive of tuition and fees and expenditures for equipment), rather than on the basis of a negotiated rate agreement. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AI-15-041,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new renewal resubmission the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niaid intends to commit $ 10.7 m in fy 2017 to fund 4-6 awards. award budget application budgets are limited to $1,500,000 direct costs per year, not including third party facilities and administrative (f&a) costs. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum period is five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-RM-08-014,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity announcement (foa) will use the dp2 award mechanism. the applicant will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. applications proposing multiple pis are not allowed. if this foa is reissued, competing renewal (formerly competing continuation ) applications will not be accepted. all applications will be considered new applications, regardless of any previous applications to the new innovator award program. 2. funds available this is a roadmap initiative. the nih common fund intends to commit up to $55 million dollars in fy2008 to fund up to 24 grants for the five-year period, contingent upon the availability of funds and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. awards will be for up to a total of $1.5 million in direct costs (average of $300,000 per year) for a five-year budget/project period, plus applicable facilities and administrative costs to be determined at the time of award. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. for this foa, facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants must be included in the total direct costs requested. the f&a costs for the primary grantee institution will be added at the time of award, and will be based on the grantee institution s current negotiated rate. section
RFA-HL-20-029,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new resubmission the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. nhlbi intends to set aside a total of $720,000 in fy 2020, $1.68 million in fy 2021, and $1.68 million in fy 2022 for this program. nhlbi intends to fund up to 9 new awards in fy 2020, and up to 21 new awards each in fy 2021 and fy 2022. award budget application budgets are limited to direct costs up to $50,000 per year, but need to reflect actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the project period is two years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-NR-16-002,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the national institute of nursing research intends to commit $2.1 million to support 2-3 awards from this p30 foa and 2-3 awards from the p20 foa ( rfa-nr-16-002 ). award budget award budgets are limited to $350,000 total direct costs per year. award project period the total project period for an application submitted in response to this funding opportunity may not exceed 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DK-11-006,section ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations, and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. the estimated amount of funds available for support of 4-5 programs awarded as a result of this announcement is $2.5m for fiscal year 2011. although the financial plans of the niddk provide support for the first three years of this program, awards pursuant to this foa, particularly in years 4 to 5 of the awards, are contingent upon the availability of funds.. award budget application budgets need to reflect actual needs of the proposed program. award project period the project period duration for this funding opportunity may not exceed five years.. other award budget information t and d only personnel costs individuals designing, directing, and implementing the career development program may request salary and fringe benefits appropriate for the person months devoted to the program. salary for the pd/pi will be provided for levels of effort up to 1.2 person months (10 % of full-time professional effort). salaries requested may not exceed the levels commensurate with the institution's policy for similar positions and may not exceed the congressionally mandated cap. if mentoring interactions and other activities with scholars are considered a regular part of an individual's academic duties, then mentoring and other interactions with scholars are non-reimbursable from grant funds. limited program-related administrative and clerical salary costs associated distinctly with the program that are not normally provided by the applicant organization may be direct charges to the grant only when specifically identified and justified. these expenses must be itemized in sections a and b, as appropriate, of the r&r budget. participant costs scholars are those individuals who benefit from the proposed activities and experiences involved in the career development program. scholar costs must be justified as specifically required for the proposed career development program and based on institutional policies for salaries paid to individuals in similar positions, regardless of the source of funds. salary support of up to $90,000 each year, plus the appropriate fringe benefits, may be requested for each k12 scholar. the scholar is required to devote a minimum level of effort of 9 person months (75% of full-time professional effort). the institution may supplement the niddk contribution; however, the supplementation may not be from federal funds unless specifically authorized by the federal program from which such funds are derived. in no case may phs funds be used for salary supplementation. institutional salary supplementation may not require extra duties or responsibilities that would interfere with the purpose of this award. the total salary requested must be based on a full-time, 12-month appointment. research and development support: up to $50,000 per scholar may be requested for the following types of expenses: (a) research supplies, equipment and technical personnel; (b) tuition and fees related to didactic courses or career development; (c) travel to research meetings or training; and, (d) statistical and computational services including personnel and computer time. all expenses must be directly related to the proposed research career development program. these expenses must be itemized in the proposed budget.. other program related expenses consultant costs, equipment, supplies, travel for key persons, and other program-related expenses may be included in the proposed budget. these expenses must be justified as specifically required by the proposed program and must not duplicate items generally available at the applicant institution.. indirect costs indirect costs (also known as facilities & administrative [f&a] costs) are reimbursed at 8% of modified total direct costs (exclusive of tuition and fees and expenditures for equipment), rather than on the basis of a negotiated rate agreement. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-MH-13-040,ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nimh intends to commit approximately $2,000,000 in fy 2013, to fund up to four awards. awards issued under this foa are contingent upon availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications.. award budget an applicant may request up to $350,000 direct costs per year. (consortium f&a is not included in the direct cost limit.) application budgets need to reflect actual needs of the proposed project. award project period scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the total project period may not exceed five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-ES-09-004,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity will use the u45 cooperative agreement award mechanism. in the cooperative agreement mechanism, the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) retains the primary responsibility and dominant role for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project, with nih staff being substantially involved as a partner with the principal investigator, as described under the section vi. 2. administrative requirements , "cooperative agreement terms and conditions of award". this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses non-modular budget formats described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). 2. funds available the niehs intends to commit approximately $26.0 million in fy 2010 to fund 15 to 20 cooperative agreements in response to this foa for a period of 5 years. an applicant must request a project period of 5 years. the earliest anticipated starting date for the initial annual period will be august 1, 2010. funds for these awards in fy 2010 are anticipated to be approximately $21 million for the hwwtp, $2.5 million for the hdptp and $3.5 million for mwtp. because the funding level of this program may vary from year to year, actual award levels for approved and funded applications will be based on program balance and the availability of funds, in addition to the scientific merit considerations of the review. a new applicant may request a budget for direct costs of up to $700,000 for the first year. applicants submitting renewal (competing continuation) applications may request up to a ten percent increase above the budget level (direct cost) of the last year of their continuation project (non-competitive renewal). renewal applicants who intend to request more than a ten percent increase above the budget level must request in writing to the program staff prior approval to submit the application. because the nature and scope of the proposed training will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation, see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. section
RFA-HL-16-022,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. nhlbi intends to fund one award, corresponding to total costs of up to $616,000 in fiscal years 2016 and 2017 and $1,386,000 in fiscal years 2018 through 2022. award budget application budgets are limited to $400,000 direct costs per year in fiscal years 2016 and 2017 and $900,000 direct costs per year in fiscal years 2018 through 2022. direct costs (all years) may not exceed $5,300,000. award project period the maximum project period for an application submitted in response to this funding opportunity is up to seven years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-CA-21-035,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nci intends to commit $9.5 million in fy 2022 and $13.5 million per year in fy 2023-2026 to fund up to 18 awards. award budget a budget of up to $500,000 per year (direct cost) may be requested for year 1 (fy 2022), and a budget of up to $725,000 per year (direct cost) may be requested for years 2-5 (fy 2023-2026). application budgets must reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the total project period may not exceed 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-AI-19-014,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? required: only accepting applications that propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards niaid intends to commit up to $2.8 million in fy 2020 to fund 1 award. award budget application budgets are limited to $1.8 million direct costs and need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed projects. this includes funding for 1) the adrn-lc, 2) the adrn network-wide clinical projects including protocol-specific funds for the adrn-crcs and 3) $500k for the support of adrn's participation in the systems biology of early atopy birth cohort study. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 7 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-HL-13-019,section ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nhlbi intends to fund eight to ten new awards in fy 2013, 2014, 2015, corresponding to a total of $1.2 million for new grants per fiscal year. award budget award budgets are composed of salary and other program-related expenses, as described below. award project period the total project period may not exceed 5 years. other award budget information salary nih will contribute $75,000 plus fringe benefits per year toward the salary of the career award recipient. the nhlbi research career development award programs require the recipients to devote a minimum of 9 person-months (equivalent to 75%) full-time professional effort to the research plan being supported by the career development award; the remaining 25% effort should be devoted to research and research-related activities such as teaching, patient care, or other research-related activities. if 100% effort is to be devoted to the research program during the "summer months," the percent effort for the remainder of the year may be reduced provided that the effort over the course of the year is at least 75%. the nih permits supplementation of salary from non-federal sources. k01 award recipients are encouraged to obtain funding from the nih or other federal sources either as a named pd/pi on a competing research grant award or cooperative agreement or as sub-project director on a competing multi-project award (see not-od-08-065 ). at the time the research grant is awarded, the effort required on the k01 award may be reduced to no less than 6 person-months (50% full-time professional effort) at the grantee organization and replaced by effort from the research award so that the total level of research commitment remains at 9 person-months (75% full-time professional effort) or more for the duration of the k01 award. to be eligible for salary support from peer-reviewed research awards from any federal agency : the k01 award recipient must be the pd/pi (or one of the named pd/pis, if following the multiple-pd/pi model) on a competing nih research grant application (r01, r03, r15, r21, r34, or equivalent application from another federal agency) or a sub-project director on a competing multi-component research or center grant or cooperative agreement application (p01, p50, u01, etc. or an equivalent application from another federal agency). the k01 award must be active when the competing research grant application is submitted. the k01 award must be in its final two years before the reduction in effort to 6 person-months (50% full-time professional effort) is permitted. when the effort is reduced, the salary will be reduced accordingly. the total salary requested must be based on a full-time staff appointment. the salary must be consistent both with the established salary structure at the institution and with salaries actually provided by the institution from its own funds to other staff members of equivalent qualifications, rank, and responsibilities in the department concerned. the sponsoring institution may supplement the nih salary contribution up to a level that is consistent with the institution's salary scale. however, supplementation may not be from federal funds unless specifically authorized by the federal program from which such funds are derived. in no case may phs funds be used for salary supplementation. institutional supplementation of salary must not require extra duties or responsibilities that would interfere with the purpose of the career award. other program-related expenses nih will contribute $30,000 per year toward the research development costs of the award recipient, which must be justified and consistent with the stage of development of the candidate and the proportion of time to be spent in research or career development activities. salary for mentors, secretarial and administrative assistants, etc. is not allowed. reasonable accommodations: as part of this award, funds may be requested to make changes or adjustments in the research setting that will make it possible for a qualified individual with a disability to perform the essential functions associated with his/her role on the project. the accommodations requested under this program must be directly related to the performance of the proposed role on the research project and must be appropriate to the disabilities of the individual. some types of accommodations that might be provided under this award include: specialized equipment, assistive devices, and personnel such as readers, interpreters, or assistants. in all cases, the total funds for accommodations requested must be reasonable. indirect costs indirect costs (also known as facilities & administrative [f&a] costs) are reimbursed at 8% of modified total direct costs. nih grant policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-ES-09-009,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity will use the u01 award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses non-modular budget formats described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). this funding opportunity will use a cooperative agreement award mechanism. in the cooperative agreement mechanism, the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) retains the primary responsibility and dominant role for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project, with nih staff being substantially involved as a partner with the principal investigator, as described under the section vi. 2. administrative requirements , "cooperative agreement terms and conditions of award". 2. funds available niehs and nci plan to make up to six awards in response to this announcement. each award is limited to $300,000 direct costs per year. applicants may request up to five years. the estimated amount of funds available for support of the projects awarded as a result of this announcement is $ 2,700,000 for fiscal year 2010. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation, see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. section
RFA-HG-16-003,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nhgri intends to commit $5.9-6.5 m in fy 2017 to fund 7-10 awards. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the maximum project period is 4 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-CA-08-501,section ii. award information 1. mechanism(s) of support this funding opportunity will use the nih u01 cooperative agreement award mechanism. in the cooperative agreement mechanism, the principal investigator (pi) retains the primary responsibility and dominant role for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project, with nih staff being substantially involved as a partner with the principal investigator, as described under the section vi. 2. administrative requirements , "cooperative agreement terms and conditions of award." this funding opportunity uses the just-in-time budget concepts. it also uses the non-modular budget format described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). a detailed categorical budget for the "initial budget period" and the "entire proposed period of support" is to be submitted with the application. this foa is a one-time solicitation. at this time, the nci has not determined whether or how this solicitation will be continued beyond the present foa. 2. funds available the national cancer institute is providing 3.6 million dollars for the first year (total costs) for the acsr on the basis of a competitive renewal. these funds will support up to four awards, which may include the three regional biospecimen repositories and a single codcc. a total of 18 million dollars (total costs) have been set aside to fund the four awards for 5 years. applicants should request a project period of 5 years. in the current funding period, the individual site awards have ranged from $300,000 1,000,000 (direct costs). a similar range is expected for the renewal awards. section
RFA-DK-15-506,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niddk intends to commit $24,000,000 in fiscal year 2016 to fund 1 award. award budget application budgets are limited to $22,000,000 in direct costs for the entire project period. funds for the entire duration of the project will be awarded in the first year. award project period the maximum project period is 4 years 9 months. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-CA-09-022,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity will use the u10 cooperative agreement award mechanism(s). the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses non-modular budget formats described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). this funding opportunity will use a cooperative agreement award mechanism. in the cooperative agreement mechanism, the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) retains the primary responsibility and dominant role for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project, with nih staff being substantially involved as a partner with the principal investigator, as described under the section vi. 2. administrative requirements , "cooperative agreement terms and conditions of award". nci has determined that there is a continuing need for community participation in cancer clinical trials that cover both cancer prevention/control and treatment. while this foa is a one-time issuance, it is expected that a ccop foa will be published in the nih guide for grants and contracts on an annual basis using the u10 cooperative agreement award mechanism, provided that funds are available. 2. funds available the estimated amount of funds available for support of approximately 21 ccop group and/or research base awards as a result of this announcement is $ 21.2 million for fiscal year 20 10 . future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation; see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. section
RFA-HD-17-002,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nichd intends to commit $1,750,000 in fy 2017 to fund up to 5 r21 awards with the anticipation that up to 3 or 4 of the initially funded applications will eventually progress to the r33 phase. award budget the combined budget for direct costs for the two-year r21 project period may not exceed $275,000 and no more than $200,000 may be requested in any single year for the r21 phase. for the r33 phase, cumulative direct costs for the entire 3-year project period may not exceed $750,000 and requested funding per year cannot exceed $500,000. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum period of the combined r21 and r33 phases is 5 years, with up to 2 years for the r21 phase and up to 3 years for the r33 phase. applications with a project period less than 5 years are encouraged where feasible. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AG-13-012,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new resubmission the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the national institute on aging intends to commit approximately $1 million in fy 2013 to support 5 to 7 awards. the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations, and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. the john a. hartford foundation and the american federation for aging research (afar) have agreed to contribute to this initiative by providing separate supplemental awards to increase the number of candidates funded and/or by making independent awards and by sponsoring an annual meeting of the funded investigators and primary mentors. nia strongly encourages applicants to share their application with these foundations and to share the results of peer review with them. applicants may send their application to the american federation for aging research (afar) at the address below. afar will share it with the other listed foundation: american federation for aging research attn: paul b. beeson career development awards in aging program 55 west 39th street, 16th floor new york, ny 10018 odette@afar.org award budget award budgets are composed of salary and other program-related expenses, as described below. award project period awards will be made for three, four or five years. other award budget information salary applicants (candidate, i.e., pd/pi) may seek up to $200,000 (direct costs) per year. direct costs requested across all years may be no more than $600,000 for three year awards; $700,000 for four year awards; and $800,000 for five year awards. the total salary requested must be based on a full-time staff appointment. the salary must be consistent both with the established salary structure at the institution and with salaries actually provided by the institution from its own funds to other staff members of equivalent qualifications, rank, and responsibilities in the department concerned. the sponsoring institution may supplement the nih salary contribution up to a level that is consistent with the institution's salary scale. however, supplementation may not be from federal funds unless specifically authorized by the federal program from which such funds are derived. in no case may phs funds be used for salary supplementation. institutional supplementation of salary must not require extra duties or responsibilities that would interfere with the purpose of the career award. other program-related expenses nih will contribute $up to $200,000 per year towards the award. candidates may propose a budget appropriate to the research and related needs (e.g., travel to one of the annual beeson meetings) within this limit. salary for mentors, secretarial and administrative assistants, etc. is not allowed. indirect costs indirect costs (also known as facilities & administrative [f&a] costs) are reimbursed at 8% of modified total direct costs. nih grant policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-NS-13-014,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the ninds intends to commit an estimated total of $1.0 million in 2013 to support up to 4 r21 awards. award budget the combined budget for direct costs for the two year project period may not exceed $275,000. no more than $200,000 may be requested in any single year. applicants may request direct costs in $25,000 modules, up to the total direct costs limitation of $275,000 for the combined two-year award period. award project period the maximum period is 2 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-MH-14-180,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the nimh intends to commit approximately $1,500,000 in fy 2014 to fund 6-8 awards for this foa and the companion foas. the niaid intends to commit approximately $700,000 in fy 2014 towards this foa. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget budgets for direct costs are limited to $500,000 per year. award project period the total project period may not exceed five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-NS-18-033,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards ninds intends to commit up to $4,000,000 in direct costs to fund up to 6 awards for 3 years, pending availability of funds and a sufficient number of meritorious applications. award budget application budgets are limited to $725,000 in direct costs for 3 years ($75,000 direct cost during year 1 to set up the network, then $325,000 in direct costs per year). award project period the maximum project period is 3 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-RM-12-012,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement application types allowed new the oer glossary and the phs398 application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the total amount of funds available is $ 7.2 million total costs per year. it is anticipated that 4-6 projects will be supported. award budget application budgets are not limited, but need to reflect actual needs of the proposed project. award project period scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DK-11-012,ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new renewal resubmission the oer glossary and the phs398 application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the total amount of funding that the niddk expects to award through this announcement is up to $3,400,000 to fund up to a total of three new and/or renewal grants. two existing p30 centers are expected to submit renewal applications. award budget application budgets are limited to $750,000 direct costs, but need to reflect actual needs of the proposed center. within the direct cost cap, up to $150,000 may be requested for the pilot and feasibility program. award project period the total project period for an application submitted in response to this funding opportunity may not exceed five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DA-14-003,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nida intends to commit $2m in fy 2014 to fund 2-3 awards. award budget application budgets are not limited, but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-ES-16-003,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nih intends to fund a combined estimate of 6-7 awards, corresponding to a total of $1.5 million, for fiscal year 2017 for rfa-es 16-002 and rfa-es-16-003. award budget award budgets are composed of salary and other program-related expenses, as described below. award project period the total project period may not exceed 4 years (one year intramural plus three years of extramural). other award budget information salary support during the intramural phase will be based on the candidate's intramural salary structure and will be provided by the candidate's laboratory or branch. during the extramural phase nih will contribute up to $ 185,100 per year toward the salary of the career award recipient. further guidance on budgeting for career development salaries is provided in the sf424 (r&r) application guide. the total salary, however, may not exceed the legislatively mandated salary cap. see: http://grants.nih.gov/grants/policy/salcap_summary.htm . other program-related expenses in the extramural phase of the award nih will contribute $40,000 per year toward the research development costs of the award recipient, which must be justified and consistent with the stage of development of the candidate and the proportion of time to be spent in research or career development activities. salary for mentors, secretarial and administrative assistants, etc. is not allowed. indirect costs for the extramural k22 phase, indirect costs (also known as facilities & administrative [f&a] costs) are reimbursed at 8% of modified total direct costs. nih grant policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-MH-10-011,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this foa will use the exploratory/developmental research grant (r21) award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts (see sf424 (r&r) application guide ) . it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ) . specifically, a u.s. organization submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs) must use the phs398 modular budget component. all foreign applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component. 2. funds available the nimh intends to commit approximately $5,000,000 total costs in fy 2010 to fund 10-15 grants in response to this foa and the companion foa rfa-mh-10-010 . the total project period for an application submitted in response to this funding opportunity may not exceed 2 years. although the size of award may vary with the scope of research proposed, it is expected that applications will stay within the budgetary guidelines for an exploratory/developmental project; direct costs are limited to $275,000 over an r21 two-year period, with no more than $200,000 in direct costs allowed in any single year. applicants may request direct costs in $25,000 modules, up to the total direct costs limitation of $275,000 for the combined two-year award period. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-GM-11-001,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this foa will use the nih research project grant (r01) award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts (see sf424 (r&r) application guide ) . it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ) . specifically, a u.s. organization submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs) must use the phs398 modular budget component. u.s. applicants requesting more than $250,000 in annual direct costs and all foreign applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component. 2. funds available nigms intends to commit approximately $2.5 million dollars (total costs) in fiscal year 2010 to fund 5-6 applications. the total project period for an application submitted in response to this foa may not exceed 5 years. although the size of award will vary with the scope of the research proposed, budget requests should not exceed $250,000 (direct cost) per year except that in first year additional funds not to exceed $100k (direct cost) may be requested for exceptional equipment needs. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AR-11-010,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity will use the p30 award mechanism(s). the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses non-modular budget formats described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). 2. funds available the niams expects to award approximately $800,000 (direct costs) in fy 2011 through this announcement; up to 2 awards are anticipated; direct costs of up to $400,000 per year may be requested; the project period will up to 5 years; future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation, see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. section
RFA-DK-14-026,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niddk intends to commit up to $2.5 million in fy 2015 to fund up to 4 awards. award budget application budgets may not exceed $500,000 direct costs per year, including any subcontract direct costs. the budget needs to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project years. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-CA-14-010,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nci intends to commit $4.5m in fy 2015 to fund 10 to 12 awards. award budget application budgets must not exceed $500,000 in direct cost but smaller requests are also expected reflecting the actual scope and needs of the proposed project. award project period the project period is limited to 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-NS-14-004,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards ninds intends to commit an estimated total of $3 million direct costs in fy2014 to fund one center without walls comprised of linked u01s. award budget budgets for individual u01 applications for either scientific projects or cores are not limited, but should reflect the actual needs of the proposed project or core. applicants should note that support for all projects and cores combined to form a center without walls application (made up of linked u01 awards) will not exceed $3 million direct costs per year. award project period the scope of the proposed scientific projects and cores should determine the project period. the maximum project period for scientific projects and cores is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-RM-16-011,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nih intends to commit up to $2.5m per year for up to 5 years for one award. funding is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. award budget the total costs are not to exceed $2.5m per year for each of the five years and should reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the total project period for this foa is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DA-19-037,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nida intends to commit $4m in fy19 and $4m in fy20 to fund 1-2 applications for each receipt date. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-HL-12-009,ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new the oer glossary and the phs398 application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nhlbi intends to commit approximately $26 million in total costs over a 5-year period to fund 3-5 new grants in response to this foa. award budget each budget year may not exceed the following direct cost thresholds: year one and year five $450,000. years two, three and four $750,000. additionally, applicants may request up to $130,000 in direct costs for an administrative core, for each of the five years. award project period the total project period for an application submitted in response to this foa may not exceed five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DA-09-005,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this foa will use the national institutes of health (nih) research project grant (r01) award mechanism with the following modifications: an applicant may only request a project period of up to 3 years, and direct costs may not exceed $250,000 per year. the project director(s)/principal investigator(s) (pd/pi or pds/pis) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts (see sf424 (r&r) application guide ) . it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ) . specifically, a u.s. organization submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs) must use the phs398 modular budget component. all foreign applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component. 2. funds available nida intends to commit approximately $3 million in total costs in fy2009 to fund 8 to 9 new grants in response to this foa. an applicant may request a project period of up to 3 years and direct costs may not exceed $250,000 per year. although the financial plans of nida provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this foa are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. budget requests should be carefully justified and commensurate with the complexity of the project. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HD-06-004,section ii. award information 1. mechanism(s) of support this funding opportunity will use the traditional research project grant (r01) award mechanism(s). as an applicant, you will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this funding opportunity uses just-in-time concepts. it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ). specifically, if you are submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less, use the modular budget format described in the phs 398 application instructions. otherwise follow the instructions for non-modular research grant applications. 2. funds available nih (nichd, nidcd, niehs, nimh, and ninds) intends to commit up to $24 million per year for this funding opportunity and its companion rfa for ace centers. funding will begin in fy 2007 and fy 2008 for the first year of funding. approximately 10 to 15 ace awards are anticipated in response to both rfas. an applicant may request a project period of up to five years and a budget for direct costs up to $2 million for networks. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation (see not-od-05-004 ).
RFA-AR-10-011,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this foa will use the nih exploratory/developmental grant (r21) award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts (see sf424 (r&r) application guide ) . it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ) . specifically, a u.s. organization submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs) must use the phs398 modular budget component. 2. funds available the niams expects to commit approximately $1.5 million total costs in fy2010 to support a total of four to six new awards combined from the two parallel foas for r01s (rfa-ar-10-010) and r21s (rfa-ar-10-011). under this foa, an application may request a budget for a total project period of two years. direct costs are limited to $275,000 over the two-year period, with no more than $200,000 in direct costs allowed in any single year. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-CA-20-028,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed resubmission new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. nci intends to commit $50 million total across fys 2021 and 2022 to fund up to 14 awards from both rfa-ca-20-027 (r01, companion foa) and rfa-ca-20-028 (r21, this foa). award budget up to $275,000 in direct costs over two years. at most $200,000 for any year. award project period up to 2 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-HD-19-008,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nichd intends to commit up to $650,000 in total costs in fy 2019 to fund one award and is contingent upon nih appropriations. award budget application budgets are limited to $600,000 in direct costs and must reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the maximum project period is five years. other award budget information personnel costs individuals designing, directing, and implementing the career development program may request salary and fringe benefits appropriate for the person months devoted to the program. salaries requested may not exceed the levels commensurate with the institution's policy for similar positions and may not exceed the congressionally mandated cap. if mentoring interactions and other activities with scholars are considered a regular part of an individual's academic duties, then mentoring and other interactions with scholars are non-reimbursable from grant funds. the salaries of administrative and clerical staff should normally be treated as indirect (f&a) costs. direct charging of these costs may be appropriate only if all of the following conditions are met: (1) administrative or clerical services are integral to a project or activity; (2) individuals involved can be specifically identified with the project or activity; (3) such costs are explicitly included in the budget or have the prior written approval of the federal awarding agency; and (4) the costs are not also recovered as indirect costs. when specifically identified and justified, these expenses must be itemized in sections a and b, as appropriate, of the r&r budget. up to $25,000 may be requested for all faculty who are involved in designing, directing, and administering the k12 program. this may include the pd(s)/pi(s), training director, and/or recruiting officer, as appropriate to the proposed program. the cost limit applies to all faculty salaries combined. up to $25,000 per year may be requested for administrative, clerical, or other staff with responsibilities directly associated with the institutional career development program. the cost limit applies to all staff salaries combined. items that may not be supported with k12 grant funds include: salaries and fringe benefits for program mentors; salary and support for central institutional administrative personnel (e.g. budget officers, grant assistants, and building maintenance personnel), which are usually paid from institutional overhead charges; salary and support for administrative activities such as institutional public relations or health and educational services. participant (scholar) costs scholars are those individuals who benefit from the proposed activities and experiences involved in the career development program. scholar costs must be justified as specifically required for the proposed career development program and based on institutional policies for salaries paid to individuals in similar positions, regardless of the source of funds. these expenses must be itemized in the proposed budget. candidates receive two to three years of intense career development training in a basic or clinical science discipline with an established investigator serving as mentor. the program is designed to support an average of four to five scholars per year. salary and fringe benefits: individual scholars are eligible for up to $75,000 per year in salary, plus fringe benefits, consistent with the institution's salary scale. the institution may supplement the nih salary contribution up to a level that is consistent with the institution's salary scale; however, supplementation may not be from federal funds unless specifically authorized by the federal program from which such funds are derived. the total salary requested must be based on a full-time, 12-month staff appointment and requires scholars to devote a minimum of 9 person-months (75% full-time professional effort) of full-time professional effort to conducting career development and health-related research, with the remaining effort being devoted to activities related to the development of a successful research career. research and career development support: for each scholar, up to $10,000 in additional funds may be budgeted each year to help defray the costs of materials, supplies, technical assistance, and miscellaneous expenses generated by the scholar's research in the departments and laboratories of the established investigators who serve as mentors. in specific cases, grant funds may also be used for tuition, fees, and other educational materials related to career development. up to $3,500 per scholar in travel funds may be budgeted to attend annual pcctsdp functions and other professional meetings. total awards to individual scholars need not be equal across these different budget categories. items that may not be supported with each scholar's research and career development support category include: direct support of the laboratories, travel, and research projects of the investigators serving as mentors beyond those expenses directly attributable to the scholar's project. other program related expenses consultant costs, equipment, supplies, travel for key persons, and other program-related expenses may be included in the proposed budget. these expenses must be justified as specifically required by the proposed program and must not duplicate items generally available at the applicant institution. other program-related expenses are limited to $25,000 per year, and may include: travel expenses for the pd/pi to attend the annual pcctsdp meetings. travel expenses for members of the national advisory committee to attend the annual pcctsdp meetings and any other meetings required for the management or evaluation of the k12 program. limited travel funds for featured speakers and former scholars to attend annual pcctsdp meetings for the purpose of providing career development guidance to those currently in the program. items that may not be supported with k12 funds include: direct support of the mentors' laboratories beyond those expenses directly attributable to the scholar's project; travel of the pd/pi, mentors, or other investigators to scientific meetings beyond those associated with the administration of the pcctsdp; patient care costs such as inpatient bed days or outpatient visits, except for clinical laboratory analyses essential for the scholar's research alterations and renovations. indirect costs indirect costs (also known as facilities & administrative [f&a] costs) are reimbursed at 8% of modified total direct costs (exclusive of tuition and fees, consortium costs in excess of $25,000, and expenditures for equipment), rather than on the basis of a negotiated rate agreement. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-MH-21-105,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nimh intends to commit $2,000,000 in fy 2021 to fund 4-6 awards in response to this foa and the companion ( rfa-mh-21-106 ). award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-DA-22-038,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new renewal resubmission revision the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s). need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nida intends to commit $2 million in fy 2022, to fund 4-6 awards. award budget the combined budget for direct costs for the two-year project period may not exceed $275,000. no more than $200,000 may be requested in any single year. award project period the maximum period is 2 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-AI-16-085,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niaid intends to commit $1.2 million in fy 2018 to fund 3-5 awards. award budget application budgets are limited to $300,000 in direct costs per year for both the r61 award phase and r33 award phase. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the total project period for an application submitted in response to this foa cannot exceed five years. applicants may request up to two years of support for the r61 phase, and up to 3 years of support for the r33 phase. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-MH-15-300,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new resubmission revision the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nimh intends to commit approximately $2,500,000 across fy 2015 and fy 2016 to fund 5-10 new awards in response to this foa. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum period of the combined r21 and r33 phases is 5 years, with up to 2 years for the r21 phase and up to 3 years for the r33 phase. applications with a project period less than 5 years are encouraged where feasible. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DK-15-509,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niddk intends to commit up to $2 million in fiscal year 2016 to support the continuation of the teen-labs consortium through rfa-dk-15-508 and rfa-dk-15-509 . it is expected that 1 award will be made under this foa. one award will be made under the companion rfa-dk-15-508 . award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-CA-15-006,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nih intends to commit $2.5 million for fiscal year 2016. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. nih intends to fund an estimate of 6-10 awards. award budget application budgets may not exceed $200,000 per year in direct costs and should reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 2 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-NS-19-012,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nih intends to commit $9,750,000 total costs in fy 2019 to fund 1 award. award budget budgets are limited to $39,000,000 in direct cost over the total project period. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 6 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-CA-08-008,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity announcement (foa) will use the nih exploratory/developmental phase ii research grant (r33) award mechanism. the applicant will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time concepts. it requires that the non-modular, detailed budget format be used in the applications, irrespective of the requested budget amount; in other words, it does not use the nih modular budget format. u.s. applicants requesting more than $250,000 in annual direct costs and all foreign applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component found in the application package for this foa. see not-od-06-096 , august 23, 2006. exploratory/developmental grant support is for new projects only; competing renewal (formerly competing continuation ) applications will not be accepted. up to two resubmissions (formerly revisions/amendments") of a previously reviewed exploratory/developmental grant application may be submitted. see not-od-03-041 , may 7, 2003. 2. funds available because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the nih institutes and centers (ics) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. an r33 applicant may request a project period of up to 3 years with a combined budget appropriate for the science proposed. the request should be tailored to the needs of the project. commensurate facilities and administrative (f&a) costs are allowed. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this funding opportunity. the nci intends to commit approximately 1,500,000 dollars in fy2009 to fund approximately four to five applications. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HD-05-028,section ii. award information 1. mechanism(s) of support this funding opportunity will use the resource-related research project (r24) award mechanism(s). as an applicant, you will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this funding opportunity uses the just-in-time budget concepts. it also uses the non-modular budget format described in the phs 398 application instructions (see https://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). a detailed categorical budget for the "initial budget period" and the "entire proposed period of support" is to be submitted with the application. 2. funds available
RFA-AI-11-040,ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the phs398 application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niaid and niddk anticipate that approximately $7.9 million in total costs (direct plus indirect costs) will be available in fy 2012 to fund approximately five to seven new or renewal awards, including awards made under the companion foa ( rfa-ai-11-039 ) for u01 applications. up to approximately $1.0 million in total costs of the $7.9 million may be used to fund and manage an opportunities pool fund. a portion of the funding for this foa and the companion foa ( rfa-ai-11-039 ), including the opportunities pool fund, is provided by the special statutory funding program for type 1 diabetes research, which is currently authorized through fy 2013. in the event this special statutory funding program is not reauthorized for fy 2014 fy 2016, grant projects supported by the special statutory funding program may not be funded beyond fy 2013. alternatively, programmatic funding reductions may be made across all or a portion of nhpcsg grants to compensate for a possible cessation of the special statutory funding program. award budget as a guideline, the approximate amount of funding in direct costs per nhpcsg award in the current funding year is $0.9 to $1.2 million for u19 awards. applicants may have valid reasons for deviating from this range, and are encouraged to discuss such deviations with the scientific/research contact listed in section vii.1 below. award project period an applicant may request a project period of up to five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-CA-07-035,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity announcement (foa) will use the nih exploratory/developmental research grant (r21) award mechanism. the applicant will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses the modular budget formats (see the modular applications and awards section of the nih grants policy statement . specifically, if you are submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs), use the phs398 modular budget component provided in the sf424 (r&r) application package and sf424 (r&r) application guide (see specifically section 5.4, modular budget component, of the application guide). all foreign applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component found in the application package for this foa. see not-od-06-096 , august 23, 2006. exploratory/developmental grant support is for new projects only; competing renewal (formerly competing continuation ) applications will not be accepted. up to two resubmissions (formerly revisions/amendments") of a previously reviewed exploratory/developmental grant application may be submitted. see not-od-03-041 , may 7, 2003. 2. funds available because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the institutes and centers (ics) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. an r21 applicant may request a project period of up to 2 years with a combined budget for direct costs of up $275,000 for the 2-year period. for example, the applicant may request $100,000 in the 1st year and $175,000 in the 2nd year. the budget request should be tailored to the needs of the project, with no more than $200,000 in direct costs allowed in any single year. applicants may request direct costs in $25,000 modules, up to the total direct costs limitation of $275,000 for the combined two-year award period. commensurate f&a costs are allowed. the nci intends to commit approximately 1,500,000 dollars in fy20 08 to fund approximately 5 to10 applications. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 , november 2, 2004. section
RFA-ES-20-009,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed resubmission new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards niehs intends to commit $ 4m in fy 20 21 to fund 4-5 awards. award budget application budgets are limited to $600,000 direct costs per year. however, researchers with currently funded projects that will be consolidated into the r35 award and exceed $600,000 direct costs may request direct costs equal to the sum of the direct costs of all consolidated projects plus 10%, up to a total of $750,000 direct costs. potential applicants are encouraged to discuss current awards which may be consolidated with their niehs program officer or the scientific/research contact(s) listed on this foa. award project period the maximum project period is 8 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-AA-20-008,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards niaaa intends to commit $750,000 in fy 2021 to fund 1 to 3 awards. award budget application budgets must not exceed $175.000 direct cost in the first year and $100,000 direct cost in the second year. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum period is 2 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-CA-20-007,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new resubmission the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nci ?intends to commit $1,240,000 in fy 2021 to fund 6 awards. award budget direct ?costs are limited to $275,000 over a two year period. no more than $200,000 may be requested in any single year. award project period the maximum project period is two years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-DK-08-502,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity will use the nih cooperative agreement (u01) award mechanism(s). the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses non-modular budget formats described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). this funding opportunity will use a cooperative agreement award mechanism. in the cooperative agreement mechanism, the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) retains the primary responsibility and dominant role for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project, with nih staff being substantially involved as a partner with the principal investigator, as described under the section vi. 2. administrative requirements , "cooperative agreement terms and conditions of award". it is not known whether this cooperative agreement will be continued beyond the initial award period. 2. funds available the niddk intends to make one award to the stopp-t2d coordinating center for up to $26 million in fy2009. this award will include subcontracts to the 15 today clinical sites and the 7 healthy field centers. the applicant may request a project period of 4 years. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations . because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation, see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. section
RFA-HL-11-026,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this foa will use the r21 award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts (see sf424 (r&r) application guide ) . it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ) . specifically, a u.s. organization submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs) must use the phs398 modular budget component. 2. funds available the nhlbi intends to commit $ 1,065,625 total costs in fy2011, with a total cost commitment of $ 2,131,250 over the 2-year period and anticipates support of up to 5 awards. the niams intends to commit $ 450 ,000 total costs in fy2011, with a total cost commitment of $ 900 ,000 over the 2-year period and anticipates support of up to 2 awards. the nibib intends to commit $ 500,000 total costs in fy2011, with a total cost commitment of $ 1 , 000 , 000 , over the 2-year period and anticipates support of up to 2 awards. the total project period for an application su bmitted in response to this foa is 2 years. budgets for direct costs of up to $150,000 for the first year for a maximum of $275,000 direct costs over a two-year project period. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by primary consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DA-11-005,section ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this initiative takes advantage of two distinct grant mechanisms: research education and research training. research education refers to non-nrsa components (the required undergraduate program, the optional short-term research education opportunities, and the optional non-nrsa predoctoral training) and utilizes the r90 mechanism. research training refers to the ruth l. kirschstein nrsa predoctoral component and utilizes the t90 mechanism. these are administrative distinctions only; they are not conceptually distinct components. all undergraduate and predoctoral participants will be referred to as students, or student participants except in sections that apply only to nrsa trainees. individuals enrolled in the short-term research education component will be referred to as participants. for more detail on nrsa and non-nrsa
RFA-AG-20-039,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nia intends to commit $1 million in fy 2020 to fund 4-5 awards. award budget application budgets are limited to $250,000 in direct costs and should reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-DE-14-002,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nidcr intends to support two to three r21 applications solicited through this foa. a companion foa, rfa-de-14-001 , will support an additional two to three r01 research project grant applications. nidcr intends to commit up to $1.5 million in total costs in fy2014 to support meritorious projects solicited through these two foas. award budget the combined budget for direct costs for the two year project period may not exceed $275,000. no more than $200,000 may be requested in any single year. award project period the scope of the project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 2 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HL-12-012,section ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new resubmission the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent with nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. the nhlbi intends to commit $4.8 million dollar for 8-12 awards in fy 2012. award budget an application may request a budget for direct costs up to $250,000 (10 modules) per year, excluding subcontractor or consortium indirect costs. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is four years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. section
RFA-RM-18-028,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the nih common fund (office of strategic coordination) intends to commit $2.5m per year in both fy2019 and fy2020 and $5m per year in both fy2021 and fy2022 to fund up to 5 awards. the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. award budget application budgets must not exceed $300,000 direct costs per year for the ug3 phase (fy2019 and fy2020) and $650,000 direct costs for the uh3 phase (fy2021 and fy2022). award project period the maximum project period is 4 years (fy19-fy22); each phase is a maximum of 2 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-MD-20-001,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new renewal applications may only be submitted by awards funded by rfa-md-11-002 , rfa-md-11-003 , or rfa-es-14-010 that are currently active. the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nimhd and niehs each intend to commit $2 million in fy 2020 for a total of $4 million to fund up to 3 awards and nichd intends to commit $300,000 in fy2020 for a total of $4.3 million to fund up to 3 awards. award budget award budgets are limited to $950,000 in direct costs annually, excluding consortium indirect costs. award project period the maximum project period is five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-OD-15-001,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. nih intends to fund an estimate of 12 awards, corresponding to a total of $4.9m, for fiscal year 2015. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget applicants may request no more than $350,000 in direct costs. award project period the total project period for an application submitted in response to this opportunity may not exceed five years. other award budget information personnel costs individuals designing, directing, and implementing the career development program may request salary and fringe benefits appropriate for the person months devoted to the program. salaries requested may not exceed the levels commensurate with the institution's policy for similar positions and may not exceed the congressionally mandated cap. if mentoring interactions and other activities with scholars are considered a regular part of an individual's academic duties, then mentoring and other interactions with scholars are non-reimbursable from grant funds. limited program-related administrative and clerical salary costs associated distinctly with the program that are not normally provided by the applicant organization may be direct charges to the grant only when they are in accordance with applicable cost principles. for institutions covered by omb circular a-21, this type of training program may qualify as a major project where administrative salaries are allowable as a direct cost. when specifically identified and justified, these expenses must be itemized in sections a and b, as appropriate, of the r&r budget. administration costs: a research director may be appointed to perform day-to-day administration and management of the award. this should be an experienced investigator with skills and qualifications complementing those of the pd/pi. salary and fringe benefits for the research director, if any, up to 1.2 person months, as well as a part-time program assistant may be requested. no compensation may be requested for the mentors or pd/pi, unless the pd/pi is also serving as research director. travel to an annual directors' meeting for the pd/pi and the research director, as well as travel to an annual meeting for current scholars, both at nih, must be requested. travel must also be requested for one additional training or scientific meeting per year for current scholars. resource laboratory: with justification, budgets may include salaries and fringe benefits for a resource laboratory director (up to 6 person months), other technical staff, supplies, animals, equipment purchase and maintenance. the sum of the budgets for administration and a resource laboratory may not exceed $65,000 direct costs ($70,200 total costs) per year. participant costs scholars are those individuals who benefit from the proposed activities and experiences involved in the career development program. scholar costs must be justified as specifically required for the proposed career development program and based on institutional policies for salaries paid to individuals in similar positions, regardless of the source of funds. these expenses must be itemized in the proposed budget. salary: scholars may be provided salary support of $100,000 total costs, plus fringe benefits per grantee institutional policy, annually. research and career development support: within each bircwh scholar's total award, up to $25,000 total costs annually may be requested for research and career development support, which may include the following expenses: (1) tuition and fees related to career development; (2) research expenses, such as supplies, equipment, and technical personnel; (3) travel to one training or scientific meeting per year, in addition to the annual nih meeting for scholars; (4) statistical services including personnel and computer time; and other project infrastructure including relevant data sets. scholars' other source of support: bircwh scholars may not accept or hold any other phs award that duplicates the provisions of this career award. scholars are encouraged to apply for independent research grant support during the period of k12 support, and are allowed concurrent salary support only while in the last two years when in compliance with nih policy notice, not-od-04-007 which can be found at: http://grants.nih.gov/grants/guide/notice-files/not-od-04-007.html . the institution may supplement the nih salary contribution up to a level that is consistent with the institution's salary scale from non-federal sources; however, supplementation may not be from federal funds unless specifically authorized by the federal program from which such funds are derived. institutional supplementation of salary must not require extra duties or responsibilities that would interfere with the purpose of the program. the total salary requested for each bircwh scholar must be based on a full-time, 12-month staff appointment. it must be consistent both with the established salary structure at the institution and with salaries actually provided by the institution from its own funds to other staff members of equivalent qualifications, rank, and responsibilities in the department concerned. if full-time, 12-month salaries are not currently paid to comparable staff members, the salary proposed must be appropriately related to the existing salary structure. items that may not be supported with k12 funds include: travel of the pd/pi, program director, or program mentors to scientific meetings other than the annual bircwh annual meeting; patient care costs such as inpatient bed days or outpatient visits, except for clinical laboratory analyses essential for the scholars research. other program related expenses consultant costs, equipment, supplies, travel for key persons, and other program-related expenses may be included in the proposed budget. these expenses must be justified as specifically required by the proposed program and must not duplicate items generally available at the applicant institution. indirect costs indirect costs (also known as facilities & administrative [f&a] costs) are reimbursed at 8% of modified total direct costs (exclusive of tuition and fees, consortium costs in excess of $25,000, and expenditures for equipment), rather than on the basis of a negotiated rate agreement. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-RM-17-010,section ii. award information funding instrument other: a mechanism that is not a grant or cooperative agreement. examples include access to research resources or pre-applications. application types allowed new resubmission the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials. need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nih anticipates funding up to 20 awards through this foa, corresponding to a total of approximately $10m in total costs in 2017, $6m in 2018 and $4m in 2019. common fund procedures and ot mechanisms allow for significant flexibilities to make adjustments that may be needed to pursue catalytic and transformative initiatives. award levels and total budget may increase or decrease over time based on programmatic needs, funding availability and awardee performance. award budget while there is no limit, awards resulting from this foa are expected to range between $250,000 and $5,000,000 direct costs per year. ot2 applications will be required to provide a well-justified budget that is appropriate for the scope of the proposed work. costs should be based upon how much money is required to produce the deliverables. performance will be evaluated quarterly, and continued support (i.e. project budget) will be adjusted based on the outcome of those evaluations. award project period awards are expected to be three years or less in duration, with the opportunity for additional funding as described above. nih policies as described in the nih other transaction award policy guide for the sparc program will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-ES-20-002,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards niehs intends to commit $2m in fy 2021 to fund 4-5 awards. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-DE-22-001,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials. need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nidcr intends to commit $2 million in fy 2022 to fund two awards. award budget application budgets are limited to $650,000 direct costs per year for all years, and must reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the maximum project period is eight years, dependent on progress review. non-competing continuation to years six, seven and eight will be based heavily on evidence that the pd/pi career and productivity remain at a soaring trajectory. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-NS-14-013,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new renewal applications from previously awarded ninds p30 core grants resubmission of applications to par-13-116 the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards ninds intends to commit $3,000,000 in fy 2015 to fund approximately 5 awards. award budget applications may request up to $400,000 per year in direct costs. award project period the maximum project period is four years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HG-10-012,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this foa will use the r01 award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts (see sf424 (r&r) application guide ) . it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ) . specifically, a u.s. organization submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs) must use the phs398 modular budget component. u.s. applicants requesting more than $250,000 in annual direct costs and all foreign applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component. 2. funds available nhgri intends to commit approximately $5 million total costs in each of fiscal years 2011, 2012 and 2013 to fund 2-7 applications each year. an applicant may request a project period of up to 4 years and a budget for direct costs up to $1.5 million per year. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DK-17-021,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards niddk intends to commit up to $3.5 million to fund 4-6 awards in fy 2018. the number of awards is contingent upon availability of funds and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. award budget application budgets are limited to $500,000 direct costs per year . budgets are expected to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the maximum project period is 4 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-DK-13-026,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niddk intends to commit $1.5m to fund 4 awards in fy 2014. award budget application budgets are limited to $250,000 in direct costs per year. award project period the maximum project period is five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-CA-13-017,ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. for the group of pqs covered by this foa (group a), the nci intends to fund approximately three r21 awards per due date, corresponding to a total of up to $0.5-1 million, for the first submission round (2014) and a similar amount for the second (2015). future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget the combined budget for direct costs for the two year project period may not exceed $275,000. no more than $200,000 may be requested in any single year. application budgets must reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the total project period may not exceed 2 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-CA-09-023,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity will use the u10 cooperative agreement award mechanism(s). the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses non-modular budget formats described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). this funding opportunity will use a cooperative agreement award mechanism. in the cooperative agreement mechanism, the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) retains the primary responsibility and dominant role for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project, with nih staff being substantially involved as a partner with the principal investigator, as described under the section vi. 2. administrative requirements , "cooperative agreement terms and conditions of award". nci has determined that there is a continuing need for community participation in cancer clinical trials that cover both cancer prevention/control and treatment. while this foa is a one-time issuance, it is expected that a minority-based ccop rfa will be published in the nih guide for grants and contracts on an annual basis using the u10 cooperative agreement award mechanism, provided that funds are available. 2. funds available the estimated amount of funds available for support of approximately 7 projects awarded as a result of this announcement is $ 4.3 million for fiscal year 2010. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation, see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. section
RFA-GM-08-003,section ii. award information 1. mechanism(s) of support this funding opportunity will use the p01 program project award mechanism. as an applicant, you will be solely responsible for planning, directing and executing the proposed project. this funding opportunity uses the just-in-time budget concepts. it also uses the non-modular budget format described in the phs 398 application instructions (see https://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). a detailed categorical budget for the "initial budget period" and the "entire proposed period of support" is to be submitted with the application. 2. funds available nigms has set aside $6 million in fy2008 to support the total cost of up to three awards. the earliest anticipated start date is august 1, 2008. the total project period for an application submitted in response to this rfa may not exceed five years. an upper limit of $6.1 million direct costs for the entire five-year period may be requested. under certain circumstances, with the concurrence of nigms staff, additional funds may be requested for major pieces of equipment. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award may also vary. although the financial plans of nigms provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation, see not-od-05-004 .
RFA-CA-09-009,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity will use the nih specialized center cooperative agreement (u54) award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses non-modular budget formats described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). this funding opportunity will use a cooperative agreement award mechanism. in the cooperative agreement mechanism, the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) retains the primary responsibility and dominant role for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project, with nih staff being substantially involved as a partner with the pd(s)/pi(s), as described under the section vi. 2. administrative requirements , "cooperative agreement terms and conditions of award. awards made under this program will continue as cooperative agreements throughout the term of award. 2. funds available nci has committed $15m - $21m dollars in total costs for fy 2009 for this funding opportunity. four to six awards are anticipated to be made, depending on the availability of funds and the number of meritorious applications. the expected direct cost amount for individual awards may not exceed $2m - $2.25m dollars, exclusive of subproject facilities and administrative (f&a) costs. the maximum term of any award will be 5 years. the estimated amount of funds available for support o f four to six p rojects awarded as a result of this announcement is $15m - 21m dollars for fiscal year 2009. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the nci provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. f&a costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation, see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. section
RFA-MH-08-130,section ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this foa will use the nih research project grant (r01) award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts (see sf424 (r&r) application guide ) . it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ) . specifically, a u.s. organization submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs) must use the phs398 modular budget component. u.s. applicants requesting more than $250,000 in annual direct costs and all foreign applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component. 2. funds available the nimh intends to commit approximately 5 million dollars in fy2008 to fund 7-8 awards across this and the parallel foa, mh-08-131 (collaborative r01). because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-RM-09-006,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this foa will use the r01 award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts (see sf424 (r&r) application guide ) . it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ) . specifically, a u.s. organization submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs) must use the phs398 modular budget component. u.s. applicants requesting more than $250,000 in annual direct costs and all foreign applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component. 2. funds available the total amount of funds available for these awards is $1 million total costs per year for two years. we anticipate making two to three awards. direct costs are expected to be $200,000 to $300,000 per year per award for a total of two years. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AI-16-034,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niaid intends to commit $10 million in fy 2017 to fund 10-15 awards. award budget budgets for direct costs of up to $750,000 per year may be requested. applicants may also request up to an additional $300,000 in the first year of the award for major equipment to ensure that research objectives can be met and biohazards can be contained, totaling $1,050,000 direct costs. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HD-16-010,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new renewal resubmission of applications previously submitted under rfa-hd-14-017 the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the nichd intends to commit approximately $3,500,000 in fy 2016 to fund up to two applications in response to this foa. award budget an application for a center may request a budget for direct costs of no more than $1.2 million per year, excluding third party f&a. for future year expenses, applications may request up to a two percent cost escalation. the provision of committed money for costs escalations is subject to the availability of funds. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AI-09-017,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity will use the nih multi-project cooperative agreement (u19) award mechanism(s). the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses non-modular budget formats described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). this funding opportunity will use a cooperative agreement award mechanism. in the cooperative agreement mechanism, the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) retains the primary responsibility and dominant role for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project, with nih staff being substantially involved as a partner with the principal investigator, as described under the section vi. 2. administrative requirements , "cooperative agreement terms and conditions of award". at this time, the niaid has not determined whether or how this solicitation will be continued beyond the present foa. 2. funds available niaid intends to commit $13.8 million in total costs for fiscal year 2010 to fund 7-12 new grants in response to this foa. an applicant may request a project period of up to 7 years. applicants are encouraged to propose an annual budget that is reasonable and appropriate for the scope of the proposed research. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. section
RFA-CA-15-012,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new resubmission (but only of applications originally submitted in response to this foa) the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the nci intends to fund an estimate of 10-12 r01 awards, corresponding to a total of $4 million, for fiscal year 2016 and $4 million, for fiscal year 2017. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the total project period may not exceed 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AR-21-015,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s). need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. issuing ic and partner components intend to commit an estimated total of $5,000,000 to fund four awards, one each for rheumatoid arthritis, lupus, sj grens syndrome and psoriatic spectrum diseases. pre-application webinar nih will hold a pre-application informational webinar for this foa on may 5, 2021, 12:00-2:00 p.m. e.t. other details for the webinar and faqs will be posted at niams website . award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the uc2 is limited to five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-ES-14-008,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nih intends to fund an estimate of 15-20 cooperative agreement awards, corresponding to a total of $28 million in fy 2015, in response to this foa. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget application budgets for renewals are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. a new applicant may request a budget for direct costs of up to $700,000 for the first year. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HL-07-007,section ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity announcement (foa) will use the exploratory/developmental research grant (r21) award mechanism. the applicant will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. 2. funds available because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the institutes and centers (ics) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. the total project period for an application submitted in response to this funding opportunity may not exceed 3 years. although the size of award may vary with the scope of research proposed, it is expected that applications will stay within the budgetary guidelines for an exploratory/developmental project. direct costs are limited to $450,000 over a three-year period, with no more than $150,000 in direct costs allowed in any single year. the participating organizations ( nhlbi, nci, nia, nibib, niddk, and nsf) intend to commit approximately $3,050,000 dollars in fy20 07 to fund 10-15 applications. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 , november 2, 2004.
RFA-OD-20-021,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new (fast-track) the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for the foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nih intends to commit $3 million in total costs over a 2-year period. nih anticipates funding 1-3 awards. award budget total funding support (direct costs, indirect costs, fee) normally may not exceed $256,580 for phase i awards and $1,710,531 for phase ii awards. nih has received a waiver from sba, as authorized by statute, to exceed these total award amount hard caps for specific topics. the current list of approved topics can be found at https://sbir.nih.gov/funding#omni-sbir . navigate to the program descriptions and research topics document, appendix a or the current "sba approved topics list for budget waivers". applicants are strongly encouraged to contact program officials prior to submitting any application in excess of the hard caps listed above and early in the application planning process. in all cases, applicants should propose a budget that is reasonable and appropriate for completion of the research project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 3 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-DK-12-025,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niddk and orwh intend to commit $2,500,000 to fund 8-10 small 1-year r01 awards in fiscal year 2013. award budget application budgets are limited to $250,000 direct costs and need to reflect actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the project period may not exceed 1 year. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AI-12-048,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the phs 398 application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niaid intends to commit approximately $15 million in fy 2014 to fund 5-7 u19 awards. award budget application budgets are limited to $1.5 million direct costs per year, but need to reflect actual needs of the proposed project. award project period scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum period is five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DA-21-001,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? required: only accepting applications that propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nida intends to commit $1,000,000 in fy 2021 to fund 2 awards. award budget direct costs are limited to $450,000 over the r34 project period, with no more than $225,000 in direct costs allowed in any single year. award project period the maximum project period is 3 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-OD-19-027,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new renewal resubmission revision new or resubmission grants funded under the auspices of this foa will be eligible for only one funded renewal (i.e., a new grant has the potential for two four-year cycles of funding). renewal grants, whether originally funded under the current foa or the previous foas par-16-369 and par-13-253 , are eligible to compete for only one four-year cycle of funding. a new application must be submitted for any unfunded application submitted under any previous funding opportunity announcement. the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the national institutes of health ( nih ) intends to commit $5,000,000 per fiscal year in fy2020-2022 to fund at least six awards per fiscal year. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project for new applications. applicants requesting $500,000 or more in direct costs in any year (excluding consortium f&a) must contact a scientific/ research contact for approval at least 6 weeks before submitting the application. for renewal (a.k.a. type 2) applications including renewal resubmission applications , no more than a 5 percent increase of direct cost based on a previous non-competing year with the highest direct cost in the prior four-year funding cycle will be accepted. award project period the duration of the proposed project may not exceed four years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-NR-09-002,section ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity will use the p30 award mechanism(s). the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses non-modular budget formats described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). a detailed categorical budget for the initial budget period and the entire budget period of support are to be submitted with the application. this foa is a one time research opportunity. successful applications are not renewable. there are no plans to reissue this foa. support will be available for up to 5 years only. 2. funds available it is anticipated that $2.0 million/year for 5 years will be available to support scientifically meritorious applications responding to this p30 foa and the companion p20 and p30 foas constituting the fy2009 ninr centers initiative. it is anticipated that support will be provided for up to 2-3 new p30 centers of excellence. individual p30 awards are expected to be $300,000 to $400,000 per year in direct cost; $480,000 is the maximum amount that may be requested in total costs (i.e., direct plus f&a) per year. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation, see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-CA-21-007,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed revision revision applications from active nci r01 awardees. resubmission (but only of revision applications submitted in response to this foa) the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nci intends to fund an estimate of 3 awards, corresponding to a total of $600,000, for fiscal year 2022. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget application budgets may not exceed $150,000 in direct costs per year. award project period applicants may request support for up to 2 years, not to exceed the remaining number of years on the parent grant. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-DK-17-016,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards niddk intends to commit $1,000,000 in fy 2018 to fund up to 3 awards award budget application budgets are limited to $499,999 direct costs per year exclusive of subcontracts f&a. budgets should reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-NS-11-009,section ii. award information funding instrument this foa will use the nih u01 research project cooperative agreement award mechanism (u01). in the cooperative agreement mechanism, the pd(s)/pi(s) retain(s) the primary responsibility and dominant role for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project, with nih staff being substantially involved as a partner with the pd(s)/pi(s), as described under the section vi.2. administrative requirements, "cooperative agreement terms and conditions of award". application types allowed new the oer glossary and the phs398 application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the total amount of funding that ninds expects to award through this announcement is up to $18.5 million. the anticipated number of awards is one (1). although the financial plans of the ic provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds. award budget the expected direct cost amount for individual awards is up to $1.75 million annually for 7 years. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. award project period this is a one-time solicitation to fund the network for 7 years. plans beyond the current funding period are undetermined. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. section
RFA-AA-17-003,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niaaa and participating ics intend to commit an estimated total cost of $5.0 m in fy 2017 to fund one consortium in response to this foa and companion foas ( rfa-aa-17-004 , rfa-aa-17-005 ). up to 5 u01 applications are expected to be funded from this foa. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DK-17-014,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the niddk intends to commit $1.5 million in fy 2018 to fund up to 10 awards. in fy 2019 to fy 2021, the niddk intends to commit a total of $8.25 million with additional funding anticipated for specific research protocols. award budget the applicant may request up to $275,000 in direct costs in year one and up to $350,000 in direct costs in years two to four. award project period the maximum project period for an application submitted in response to the foa is four years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HD-07-012,section ii.2 (above). applications with budget requests exceeding these guidelines will be considered non-responsive to this foa and will be returned to the applicants without review. research projects proposed for core use that are of questionable relevance or are not thematically related may be also be considered non-responsive. the nih will not accept any application in response to this funding opportunity that is essentially the same as one currently pending initial review, unless the applicant withdraws the pending application. however, when a previously unfunded application, originally submitted as an investigator-initiated application, is to be submitted in response to a funding opportunity, it is to be prepared as a new application. that is, the application for the funding opportunity must not include an introduction describing the changes and improvements made, and the text must not be marked to indicate the changes from the previous unfunded version of the application. information on the status of an application should be checked by the principal investigator in the era commons at: https://commons.era.nih.gov/commons/ . 4. intergovernmental review this initiative is not subject to intergovernmental review . 5. funding restrictions all nih awards are subject to the terms and conditions, cost principles, and other considerations described in the nih grants policy statement. the grants policy statement can be found at http://grants.nih.gov/grants/policy/policy.htm . pre-award costs are allowable. a grantee may, at its own risk and without nih prior approval, incur obligations and expenditures to cover costs up to 90 days before the beginning date of the initial budget period of a new or competing continuation award if such costs: are necessary to conduct the project, and would be allowable under the grant, if awarded, without nih prior approval. if specific expenditures would otherwise require prior approval, the grantee must obtain nih approval before incurring the cost. nih prior approval is required for any costs to be incurred more than 90 days before the beginning date of the initial budget period of a new or competing continuation award. the incurrence of pre-award costs in anticipation of a competing or non-competing award imposes no obligation on nih either to make the award or to increase the amount of the approved budget if an award is made for less than the amount anticipated and is inadequate to cover the pre-award costs incurred. nih expects the grantee to be fully aware that pre-award costs result in borrowing against future support and that such borrowing must not impair the grantee's ability to accomplish the project objectives in the approved time frame or in any way adversely affect the conduct of the project. see nih grants policy statement http://grants.nih.gov/grants/policy/nihgps_2003/nihgps_part6.htm . 6. other submission requirements the applicant must provide a detailed description of each core unit proposed as part of the center, with detailed budget and budget justification. budgetary items allowable for administrative core units include salaries and support for a limited number of administrative and clerical personnel; administrative support services, when not covered by institutional facilities and administrative (f & a) charges; travel to one center directors' meeting to discuss scientific advancements of the centers annually; and travel to one center directors' and administrators' meeting annually to confer with other nichd center directors. budgetary items allowable for other cores include salaries and support for core staff; supplies (including animals); scientific equipment; computer facilities and services; travel for technical or administrative staff for technical training or to maintain operation of the core unit; and consultant services . the applicant must name a scientist to be responsible for each core unit proposed. the description of each core unit proposed should include a rationale, indicating how the core will support the research effort in an efficient and cost-effective manner. cores should integrate with or buy in to existing institutional resources rather than duplicate them. core support to individual investigators should not overlap with support already available to them from other sources. the applicant institution and pertinent departments must show a strong commitment to the center's support. dedicated space and/or equipment, staff recruitment, investigators' salaries or other financial support for the proposed center exemplify such commitment. the facilities should require no more than modest alteration and/or renovation. nichd provides no funds for new construction. scientific personnel and institutional resources must be available to provide a strong research base in the specified fields. as a major goal, the mrddrc program promotes 1) interdisciplinary collaboration among centers investigators, 2) data/information sharing and integration, 3) synthesis of knowledge about mrdd, and 4) translational research that will lead to amelioration and prevention. each center application should present a specific plan for achieving this major goal. another goal of the mrddrc program is to attract scientists to mrdd research. where appropriate, the applicant may request up to five years' support for "new program development" for direct research support of one or more projects. this support should not exceed a total of $100,000 direct costs per year, or 10 percent of total direct costs, whichever is less. applicants may use such funds to attract new investigators to the center, to develop a new area or program of research, to facilitate the development of new research programs of newly trained investigators or investigators new to mrdd research, or to facilitate use of a core at one center by investigators affiliated with another center that lacks that kind of core. description of new program development projects should compare to r01 research grant applications in detail and development. each new program development project may provide support for no more than two years to any one investigator. a major goal of the nichd is to promote active collaboration among mrddrcs. to accomplish this goal, successful applicants will participate in the collaborative efforts of established centers' programs. in planning the program, applicants should consider potential collaborative studies and projects that they may propose for the mrddrcs network. the administrative core should budget for the maintenance of the mrddrc network web-portal and for the development of common protocols, databases, and communications and informatics technologies. plan for sharing research data the precise content of the data-sharing plan will vary, depending on the data being collected and how the investigator is planning to share the data. applicants who are planning to share data may wish to describe briefly the expected schedule for data sharing, the format of the final dataset, the documentation to be provided, whether or not any analytic tools also will be provided, whether or not a data-sharing agreement will be required and, if so, a brief description of such an agreement (including the criteria for deciding who can receive the data and whether or not any conditions will be placed on their use), and the mode of data sharing (e.g., under their own auspices by mailing a disk or posting data on their institutional or personal website, through a data archive or enclave). investigators choosing to share under their own auspices may wish to enter into a data-sharing agreement. references to data sharing may also be appropriate in other sections of the application. applicants requesting more than $500,000 in direct costs in any year of the proposed research must include a plan for sharing research data in their application. the funding organization will be responsible for monitoring the data sharing policy ( http://grants.nih.gov/grants/policy/data_sharing ). the reasonableness of the data sharing plan or the rationale for not sharing research data may be assessed by the reviewers. however, reviewers will not factor the proposed data sharing plan into the determination of scientific merit or the priority score. sharing research resources nih policy expects that grant recipients make unique research resources readily available for research purposes to qualified individuals within the scientific community after publication (nih grants policy statement http://grants.nih.gov/grants/policy/nihgps_2003/index.htm and http://grants.nih.gov/grants/policy/nihgps_2003/nihgps_part7.htm#_toc54600131 ). investigators responding to this funding opportunity should include a plan for sharing research resources addressing how unique research resources will be shared or explain why sharing is not possible. the adequacy of the resources sharing plan and any related data sharing plans will be considered by program staff of the funding organization when making recommendations about funding applications. the effectiveness of the resource sharing will be evaluated as part of the administrative review of each non-competing grant progress report (phs 2590, http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/2590/2590.htm ). see section vi.3. reporting . keeping with the goals of the mrddrc program enunciated in the guidelines and in other submission requirements, above, the applicants should highlight potentially unique core resources and how they plan to share them with other mrddrcs. section v. application review information 1. criteria only the review criteria described below will be considered in the review process. the following will be considered in making funding decisions: scientific merit of the proposed project as determined by peer review availability of funds relevance of program priorities cost-effectiveness of the core facilities cost of the center 2. review and selection process applications that are complete and responsive to the rfa will be evaluated for scientific and technical merit by an appropriate peer review group convened by nichd in accordance with the review criteria stated below. as part of the initial merit review, all applications will: undergo a selection process in which only those applications deemed to have the highest scientific merit, generally the top half of applications under review, will be discussed and assigned a priority score. receive a written critique. receive a second level of review by national advisory child health and human development (nachhd) c ouncil. the goals of nih supported research are to advance our understanding of biological systems, to improve the control of disease, and to enhance health. in their written critiques, reviewers will be asked to comment on each of the following criteria in order to judge the likelihood that the proposed research will have a substantial impact on the pursuit of these goals. each of these criteria will be addressed and considered in assigning the overall score, weighting them as appropriate for each application. note that an application does not need to be strong in all categories to be judged likely to have major scientific impact and thus deserve a high priority score. for example, an investigator may propose to carry out important work that by its nature is not innovative but is essential to move a field forward. significance: does this study address an important problem? if the aims of the application are achieved, how will scientific knowledge or clinical practice be advanced? what will be the effect of these studies on the concepts, methods, technologies, treatments, services, or preventative interventions that drive this field? approach: are the conceptual or clinical framework, design, methods, and analyses adequately developed, well integrated, well reasoned, and appropriate to the aims of the project? does the applicant acknowledge potential problem areas and consider alternative tactics? innovation: is the project original and innovative? for example: does the project challenge existing paradigms or clinical practice; address an innovative hypothesis or critical barrier to progress in the field? does the project develop or employ novel concepts, approaches, methodologies, tools, or technologies for this area? investigators: are the investigators appropriately trained and well suited to carry out this work? is the work proposed appropriate to the experience level of the principal investigator and other researchers? does the investigative team bring complementary and integrated expertise to the project (if applicable)? environment: does the scientific environment in which the work will be done contribute to the probability of success? do the proposed studies benefit from unique features of the scientific environment, or subject populations, or employ useful collaborative arrangements? is there evidence of institutional support? in their considerations, the reviewers will also be guided by the following criteria: nichd will evaluate all applications responding to this rfa according to the review criteria for core units, new program development projects, and the overall center as outlined in the nichd p30 center core grant guidelines ( http://www.nichd.nih.gov/funding/mechanism/p30_guide.cfm ). review of competing continuation (renewal) applications (type 2) will evaluate the progress made by a center in the previous funding period in addition to the review criteria applied to new applications. the reviewers will evaluate productivity of investigators affiliated with a center by the number, impact and relevance to mrdd of the publications that acknowledge support by the center grant. a site visit is not a prerequisite for consideration of any application by an nichd review committee. site visits will not be conducted for applications responding to this rfa. the applicant should not rely on a site visit to supplement or improve an incompletely written application. a five-year total project period is required. core units may be recommended for a minimum of three years. this would not preclude requests for support of core units for less than three years. however, a minimum of three core units is required in each of the five years of the center grant. 2.a. additional review criteria: in addition to the above criteria, the following items will continue to be considered in the determination of scientific merit and the priority score: protection of human subjects from research risk: the involvement of human subjects and protections from research risk relating to their participation in the proposed research will be assessed (see the research plan, section e on human subjects in the phs form 398). inclusion of women, minorities and children in research: the adequacy of plans to include subjects from both genders, all racial and ethnic groups (and subgroups), and children as appropriate for the scientific goals of the research will be assessed. plans for the recruitment and retention of subjects will also be evaluated (see the research plan, section e on human subjects in the phs form 398). care and use of vertebrate animals in research: if vertebrate animals are to be used in the project, the five items described under section f of the phs form 398 research grant application instructions will be assessed. biohazards: if materials or procedures are proposed that are potentially hazardous to research personnel and/or the environment, determine if the proposed protection is adequate. 2.b. additional review considerations budget: the reasonableness of the proposed budget and the requested period of support in relation to the proposed research. the priority score should not be affected by the evaluation of the budget. 2.c. sharing research data data sharing plan: the reasonableness of the data sharing plan or the rationale for not sharing research data may be assessed by the reviewers. however, reviewers will not factor the proposed data sharing plan into the determination of scientific merit or the priority score. the funding organization will be responsible for monitoring the data sharing policy. http://grants.nih.gov/grants/policy/data_sharing . 2.d. sharing research resources nih policy expects that grant recipients make unique research resources readily available for research purposes to qualified individuals within the scientific community after publication (see the nih grants policy statement http://grants.nih.gov/grants/policy/nihgps/part_ii_5.htm#availofrr and http://www.ott.nih.gov/policy/rt_guide_final.html ). investigators responding to this funding opportunity should include a sharing research resources plan addressing how unique research resources will be shared or explain why sharing is not possible. the reviewers will be asked to assess the adequacy of the plan. 3. anticipated announcement and award dates not applicable section vi. award administration information 1. award notices after the peer review of the application is completed, the pd/pi will be able to access his or her summary statement (written critique) via the era commons . if the application is under consideration for funding, nih will request "just-in-time" information from the applicant. for details, applicants may refer to the nih grants policy statement part ii: terms and conditions of nih grant awards, subpart a: general ( http://grants.nih.gov/grants/policy/nihgps_2003/nihgps_part4.htm ). a formal notification in the form of a notice of award (noa) will be provided to the applicant organization. the noa signed by the grants management officer is the authorizing document. once all administrative and programmatic issues have been resolved, the noa will be generated via email notification from the awarding component to the grantee business official (designated in item 12 on the application face page). if a grantee is not email enabled, a hard copy of the noa will be mailed to the business official. selection of an application for award is not an authorization to begin performance. any costs incurred before receipt of the noa are at the recipient's risk. these costs may be reimbursed only to the extent considered allowable pre-award costs. see also section iv.5. funding restrictions . 2. administrative and national policy requirements all nih grant and cooperative agreement awards include the nih grants policy statement as part of the noa. for these terms of award, see the nih grants policy statement part ii: terms and conditions of nih grant awards, subpart a: general ( http://grants.nih.gov/grants/policy/nihgps_2003/nihgps_part4.htm ) and part ii terms and conditions of nih grant awards, subpart b: terms and conditions for specific types of grants, grantees, and activities ( http://grants.nih.gov/grants/policy/nihgps_2003/nihgps_part9.htm ). 3. reporting awardees will be required to submit the phs non-competing grant progress report, form 2590 annually ( http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/2590/2590.htm ) and financial statements as required in the nih grants policy statement. the non-competing grant progress reports must explicitly describe the progress in achieving the goals of the mrddrc program that are articulated in this document and should follow the guidelines presented in the "nichd p30 center core grant guidelines" ( http://www.nichd.nih.gov/funding/mechanism/p30_guide.cfm ). section vii. agency contacts we encourage your inquiries concerning this funding opportunity and welcome the opportunity to answer questions from potential applicants. inquiries may fall into three areas: scientific/research, peer review, and financial or grants management issues: 1. scientific/research contacts: ljubisa vitkovic, ph.d. mental retardation and developmental disabilities branch national institute of child health and human development 6100 executive boulevard room 4b09e, msc 7510 bethesda , md 20892 rockville , md 20852 (for express/courier service) telephone: (301) 402-1822 email: vitkovil@mail.nih.gov 2. peer review contacts: robert stretch, ph.d director, division of scientific review national institute of child health and human development 6100 executive boulevard room 5b01, msc 7510 bethesda , md 20892 rockville , md 20852 (for express/courier service) telephone: (301) 496-1485 email: stretchr@mail.nih.gov 3. financial or grants management contacts: bryan s. clark, m.b.a chief grants management officer national institute of child health and human development 6100 executive boulevard room 8a01, msc 7510 bethesda , md 20892 rockville , md 20852 (for express/courier service) phone: (301) 435-6975 email: clarkb1@mail.nih.gov
RFA-AI-19-036,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards niaid intends to commit $3.08 million in fy 2020 to fund 4 to 5 awards. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-CA-20-045,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the nci intends to commit $900,878 in fy 2021 to fund one award. award budget the application budget is limited to $793,135 in direct costs per year and should reflect the actual needs of the project. award project period the applicant may request a project period of 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-HD-19-024,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new resubmission the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the following nih components intend to commit the following amounts in fy {2019}: nichd, $3.5 million total costs, to support 1-2 awards nidcr, $500,000 total costs to support the same 1-2 awards. award budget application budgets should not exceed $ 2.5 million in direct costs. application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-DA-11-012,section ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nida intends to commit an estimated total of $1,500,000 in fy2011 to support 5-8 new grants. award budget direct costs are limited to $275,000 over an r21 two-year period, with no more than $200,000 in direct costs allowed in any single year. award project period the total project period for an application submitted in response to this funding opportunity may not exceed two years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-OD-20-004,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nih intends to commit total costs of at least $1,000,000 in fy2020 to fund an estimate of 3 to 5 awards. the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget applications can request budgets that are up to $275,000 direct costs for the 2-year project period of the award. no more than $200,000 direct costs may be requested in any single year. award project period the total project period may not exceed 2 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-HL-10-008,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity will use a cooperative agreement award mechanism. in the cooperative agreement mechanism, the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) retains the primary responsibility and dominant role for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project, with nih staff being substantially involved as a partner with the principal investigator, as described under the section vi. 2. administrative requirements , "cooperative agreement terms and conditions of award." this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses non-modular budget formats described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). at this time it is not known if this foa will be reissued. 2. funds available the nhlbi intends to commit up to $ 4.1 million in total costs to support 3 research centers awarded as a result of this announcement for fiscal year 20 10 . nhlbi expects to commit up to $16.8 million in total costs over fiscal years 2010 through 2013 for the 3 research centers. each center applicant may request a project period of four years and a budget for direct costs of up to $3,700,000 over the four-year period, with a limit of $920,000 in direct costs for any single year. applicant institutions are strongly encouraged to apply for both the research center and rcu components of this program. funds for attending three face-to-face steering committee meetings in the first year and two meetings per year thereafter in the washington, d. c. metro area must be included in the application. funds for attending two face-to-face osmb or dsmb meetings per year must be included in the application. funds for attending an annual investigator meeting around a steering committee meeting must be included in the application. these funds should include travel for early stage investigator faculty and center fellows to participate in the annual investigator meetings in the washington, d. c. metro area. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation, see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. section
RFA-DK-11-028,section ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nih intends to fund an estimate of 4-5 awards with 2-3 slots per award, corresponding to a total of $2.5 million, for fiscal year 2012. this foa is supported under a special statutory program for type 1 diabetes research. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. although the financial plans of the niddk provide support for the first two years of this program, awards pursuant to this foa, particularly in years 3, 4, and 5 of the awards, are contingent upon the availability of funds. award budget application budgets need to reflect actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the project period duration for this funding opportunity may not exceed five years. other award budget information personnel costs individuals designing, directing, and implementing the career development program may request salary and fringe benefits appropriate for the person months devoted to the program. salaries requested may not exceed the levels commensurate with the institution's policy for similar positions and may not exceed the congressionally mandated cap. if mentoring interactions and other activities with scholars are considered a regular part of an individual's academic duties, then mentoring and other interactions with scholars are non-reimbursable from grant funds. limited program-related administrative and clerical salary costs associated distinctly with the program that are not normally provided by the applicant organization may be direct charges to the grant only when they are in accordance with applicable cost principles. for institutions covered by omb circular a-21, this type of training program may qualify as a major project where administrative salaries are allowable as a direct cost. when specifically identified and justified, these expenses must be itemized in sections a and b, as appropriate, of the r&r budget. scholar costs scholar travel to attend scientific meetings and workshops that the institution determines to be necessary for the individuals research training experience is an allowable expense. scholars are those individuals who benefit from the proposed activities and experiences involved in the career development program. scholar costs must be justified as specifically required for the proposed career development program and based on institutional policies for salaries paid to individuals in similar positions, regardless of the source of funds. these expenses must be itemized in the proposed budget salary support of up to $90,000 each year, plus the appropriate fringe benefits, may be requested for each k12 scholar. the scholar is required to devote a minimum level of effort of 9 person months (75% of full-time professional effort). the institution may supplement the niddk contribution; however, the supplementation may not be from federal funds unless specifically authorized by the federal program from which such funds are derived. in no case may phs funds be used for salary supplementation. institutional salary supplementation may not require extra duties or responsibilities that would interfere with the purpose of this award. the total salary requested must be based on a full-time, 12-month appointment. research and development support: up to $50,000 per scholar may be requested for the following types of expenses: (a) research supplies, equipment and technical personnel; (b) tuition and fees related to didactic courses or career development; (c) travel to research meetings or training; and, (d) statistical and computational services including personnel and computer time. all expenses must be directly related to the proposed research career development program. these expenses must be itemized in the proposed budget.. other program related expenses consultant costs, equipment, supplies, travel for key persons, and other program-related expenses may be included in the proposed budget. these expenses must be justified as specifically required by the proposed program and must not duplicate items generally available at the applicant institution. indirect costs indirect costs (also known as facilities & administrative [f&a] costs) are reimbursed at 8% of modified total direct costs (exclusive of tuition and fees and expenditures for equipment), rather than on the basis of a negotiated rate agreement. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AI-15-023,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niaid intends to commit $5.2m in fy 2016 to fund 7-9 awards and an infrastructure and opportunities fund (iof). award budget for this funding opportunity, budgets may be requested up to $850,000 direct costs per year which includes a limit on the budget for the infrastructure and opportunity fund of $500,000 direct costs per year, and a limit on the u01 research project of $350,000 direct costs per year. application budgets need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. consortium f&a is not included in the direct cost limitation. award project period the total project period for an application submitted in response to this funding opportunity may not exceed 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-CA-21-048,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new resubmission the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nci intends to commit up to $12.376m in each fiscal year in fy 2022 and 2023 for new u54 awards. collectively, a total of approximately 10 u54 awards is anticipated. award budget budget requests may not exceed $1.5m per year in direct costs. award project period a project period of 5 years is required. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-MH-18-200,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nimh intends to commit $3,000,000 per year in fy 2018, 2019, and 2020 to fund 7-10 awards. award budget an applicant may request a budget for direct costs up to $1.625 million dollars with no more than $400,000 in direct costs for any single year. award project period the total project period for an application submitted in response to this foa may not exceed five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AA-11-002,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this foa will use the r01 award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts (see sf424 (r&r) application guide ) . it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ) . specifically, a u.s. organization submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs) must use the phs398 modular budget component. u.s. applicants requesting more than $250,000 in annual direct costs and all foreign applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component. 2. funds available the niaaa intends to commit a total of approximately $ 1.5 million to this foa in fy10. the niaaa anticipates funding up to 6 awards. the total project period for an application submitted in response to this foa may not exceed 5 years. the expected direct cost amount for individual awards will be no more than $500,000 in each year of support. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-ES-12-003,ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new renewal resubmission the oer glossary and the phs398 application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the niehs intends to commit $8.5 million in fy 2013 to fund up to four srp grants in response to this foa subject to the availability of funds. award budget a new applicant may request a budget for direct costs of up to $1.7 million dollars for the first year. applicants submitting renewal applications may request a budget for direct costs of up to $2.1 million dollars. please see section
RFA-MH-09-130,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this foa will use the nih exploratory/developmental phased innovation grant (r21/r33) award mechanism. applicants must apply for the combined r21 and r33 award. applications using only the r21 mechanism or only the r33 mechanism will not be considered. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts (see sf424 (r&r) application guide ) . it also uses the non-modular budget format. all applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component. modular budgets are not permitted for this foa. 2. funds available the nimh intends to commit approximately $2,250,000 in fy09 to fund 10 applications. the total project period for a combined r21/r33 application submitted in response to this funding opportunity may not exceed 4 years. for the r21 phase of the application, direct costs are limited to $300,000 over a two-year period, with no more than $200,000 in direct costs in any single year of the r21 phase. for the r33 phase of the application, direct costs are limited to $250,000 per year over a two-year period. funding of the r33 phase will be based on program priorities, the availability of funds, and successful completion of negotiated milestones within the r21 phase, as determined by nimh program staff in the context of the review recommendations. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-OD-21-009,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s). need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. nih intends to commit $24 million over 2 years to fund approximately 16 awards. award budget application budgets are limited to $400,000 per year in direct costs and need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the maximum period is 2 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-AG-12-002,section ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new resubmission the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nia intends to commit $1.5 million in fy 2012 for approximately 18-20 awards. award budget application budgets are limited to $50,000 in direct costs per year. award project period project period is limited to 2 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-RM-13-004,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the total amount of funds available for this award is approximately $4.8m for fy2014 contingent upon receiving scientifically meritorious applications. five to seven awards are anticipated from the solicitation. in fy2015, a total of $11.0m is anticipated, and in fy2016 and fy2017, $14.0m per year is anticipated. award budget application budgets should not exceed $800k total costs in fy14, $1.8m total costs in fy15, and $2.3m total costs per year for fy16 and fy17 and must reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the total award period for this foa is 4 years (fy14 through fy17). nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-RR-06-006,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity utilizes the r25 education program funding mechanism. the ncrr education program grants (i.e. r25s) support the development and implementation of curriculum-dependent programs that may focus on educational activities after the completion of a doctor of veterinary medicine degree (e.g., d.v.m, v.m.d., or equivalent) as long as they address a need that is not fulfilled adequately by any other grant mechanism available from the nih and are dedicated to areas of high priority to the ncrr. the r25 grant may not be used to conduct traditional biomedical research or as a research training grant. this mechanism is used strictly as a clinical education tool. applicants whose programs cannot meet the special requirements stated in these guidelines should refer to the traditional national research service award (nrsa) institutional (t32) http://grants.nih.gov/grants/guide/pa-files/pa-06-468.html for short-term (t35) http://grants.nih.gov/grants/guide/pa-files/pa-05-117.html training grants as possible alternative sources of support. a pplicants may request up to five years of support in a single grant period in order to develop an evidence based education program. applicants will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this funding opportunity is subject to "just-in-time" application procedures but it is not subject to the streamlined non-competing application process (snap). independently from the amount requested, this funding opportunity uses research & related budget described in the sf424 electronic application procedures available at grants.gov/apply. research education grant support is for new project s only. at this time, it is not known if competing renewal (formerly competing continuation ) applications will be accepted and/or if this foa will be reissued. 2. funds available because the nature and scope of the proposed research education program will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ncrr provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. the total number of eligible institutions will vary and depends upon the number holding eligible grants or cooperative agreements (p51, p40, u42, u24) funded by ncrr) ncrr will provide $0.75m (total costs) to support 2-5 awards ( 5 participant resident s ) in fy2007. the total period of the award will vary but cannot exceed five years; the program for each participant resident is limited to two-years. it is anticipated that a total of 20 veterinarians will be educated over a five year period under this initiative through the award of additional grants in years 2-5; total direct cost may not exceed $138k/year/participant resident ; the total direct cost for an individual participant resident award will not exceed $138k/year or $27 6 k total direct costs for the two year clinical education period; facilities and administrative costs may not exceed 8 percent of modified direct cost/year. the ncrr/dcm will award up to $6 million (total cost) for this initiative over a 5 year period pending availability of funds; the number and size of the awards will depend on the number of applications received, their relative scientific merit and the general availability of funds for training and education grants. because the nature and scope of the proposed clinical education program will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ncrr provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this funding opportunity announcement. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants, if applicable, are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 .
RFA-CA-18-012,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials. need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nci intends to fund one award for $4.1 million in fiscal year 2019. the financial plans of the nci provide support for this initiative through 5 years. award budget application budgets should reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. proposed budgets for years 1 and 2 must not exceed $4,100,000, in total costs each year. proposed budgets for years 3, 4, and 5 must not exceed $4,600,000, in total costs each year. award project period applicants must request a project period of up to 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-AG-09-011,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity (foa) will use the research project grant (r01) award mechanism. the project directors/principal investigators (pds/pis) of these collaborative research projects will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this funding opportunity uses just-in-time information concepts (see sf424 (r&r) application guide ) . it also uses a non-modular budget format (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ) . both the u.s. and u.k. applicants of each partnership must complete and submit budget requests using the research and related budget component. the u.k. institution and pi should prepare a sub-contract to be submitted through the u.s. institution. if the collaborative project is funded through this joint nia-bbsrc funding program, the sub-contract will be paid directly to the u.k. institution by the bbsrc. a mandatory sub-contract form for the u.k. component can be downloaded from the bbsrc website. the completed u.k. budget form should be submitted as part of the other attachment in the sf 424 form package. the url for the bbsrc website and further information for u.k. applicants can be obtained from dr. louisa jenkin at bbsrc ( louisa.jenkin@bbsrc.ac.uk ). 2. funds available the national institute on aging (nia) intends to commit approximately $3 million ($1 million per year for 3 years) to fund the u.s. grant components and the bbsrc will commit a similar amount to the u.k. grant component in fy 2009; 5-6 paired u.s.- u.k. awards are anticipated; the u.s. partner may seek up to $200,000 (direct costs) per year for three years. the resources required by the u.k partner should be of comparable size and term. it is anticipated that the joint awards will support no more than one u.s. and one u.k. postdoctoral scientist in addition to the pi (or multiple pis) and the lead investigator. the u.k. biotechnology and biological sciences research council (bbsrc) has agreed to partner with the nia and contribute to this u.s.- u.k. partnering research initiative. bbsrc funds will be used to support the u.k. component of funded collaborative projects directly, whereas nia funds will be used to support the u.s. component of the joint projects. the nia strongly encourages all applicants to send a copy of the final submitted application to dr. louisa jenkins ( louisa.jenkin@bbsrc.ac.uk ) at the bbsrc. in addition, the nia strongly encourages all applicants to send a copy of the written results of the scientific review (critique/summary statement) to dr. louisa jenkin ( louisa jenkin@bbsrc.ac.uk ) when it is available. all funding requested by the u.k. lead investigator must be calculated on full economic costs (bbsrc to fund 80% ec using trac methodology) and comply with the resources framework detailed in the bbsrc grants guide: ( http://www.bbsrc.ac.uk/funding/apply/grants_guide.pdf ). justification for these costs should be included with the overall justification of program costs but should be set out in a way that enables the peer reviewers to comment on the justification for the u.s. and u.k. components of the proposed budgets. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of nia and bbsrc provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-RM-09-022,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this foa will use the r01 award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts (see sf424 (r&r) application guide ) . it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ) . specifically, a u.s. organization submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs) must use the phs398 modular budget component. u.s. applicants requesting more than $250,000 in annual direct costs and all foreign applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component. the nih intends to issue solicitations for additional t-r01 awards in future years. 2. funds available this initiative is part of the nih roadmap for biomedical research ( http://nihroadmap.nih.gov/ ). the nih common fund intends to commit up to $25 million (total costs) in fy2010, contingent upon the availability of funds and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. applicants may request up to the amount of funding provided for the program as a whole. the number of awards will depend on the size and scope of the most meritorious applications. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the nih provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DE-16-001,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nidcr intends to commit $2 million in fy 2016 to fund 4-6 awards. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 4 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DK-19-012,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the niddk intends to commit $3 million in fy 2020 to fund 2 awards. award budget application budgets are limited to $1.5 million per year in direct costs. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-MD-17-005,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nimhd intends to commit $20 million in fy 2017 to fund up to 15 awards. award budget award budgets are limited to $950,000 in direct costs annually. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-CA-15-005,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new resubmission the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nci intends to fund an estimate of 2 awards, corresponding to a total of $800,000, for fiscal year 2016. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget direct costs are limited to $300,000 per year. application budgets must reflect actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the total project period request may not exceed 3 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AG-18-003,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the national institute on aging intends to commit $4 million in total costs in fy 2018 to fund 5-8 new or renewal awards. the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations. award budget nia expects to fund centers of different sizes. application budgets are limited to $500k in direct costs and should reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HD-05-040,section ii. award information 1. mechanism(s) of support this funding opportunity will use the nih mentored research career development program (k12) award mechanism(s). as an applicant, you will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this funding opportunity uses the just-in-time budget concepts. it also uses the non-modular budget format described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). a detailed categorical budget for the "initial budget period" and the "entire proposed period of support" is to be submitted with the application. 2. funds available the nichd intends to commit approximately $600,000 in total costs [direct plus facilities and administrative (f & a) costs] in fy 2006 to support one to two new grants in response to this rfa. an applicant may request a project period of up to five years and a budget for direct costs of up to $400,000 per year. f & a costs for these awards are limited to eight percent of modified total costs. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the nichd provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications.
RFA-AI-18-003,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? required: only accepting applications that propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards niaid plans to commit $8.48 million overall to the ace in fiscal year 2019, which includes direct costs of up to $3.2m annually to support an ace clinical project fund and an ace collaborative project fund. overall support will be divided between the clinical and basic programs: niaid anticipates 2-4 awards within the ace clinical research program. award budget application budgets are limited to $1.15 million in direct costs per year which includes up to $700,000 annual direct costs for the clinical projects, up to $150,000 annual direct costs for the collaborative project, up to $50,000 annual direct costs for the administrative core, and up to $250,000 in annual direct costs for the ace funds management core (afmc). the administrative core of each ace will be awarded directly by niaid. projects will be supported through consortium agreements by the afmc, which will be awarded up to approximately $3.2m annual direct costs for the ace clinical project fund and collaborative project fund. one ace awardee will be selected to receive funds for the afmc and ace clinical project fund and collaborative project fund. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-ES-19-011,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards niehs intends to commit $800,000 per year for fiscal years 2020, 2021, 2022, 2023 to fund 4-5 awards each year. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget the combined budget for direct costs for the 2-year project period may not exceed $275,000. no more than $200,000 may be requested in any single year. award project period the maximum period may not exceed 2 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-MH-15-700,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new resubmissions from rfa-mh-14-120 the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the nimh intends to commit approximately $750,000 in fy 2015 to fund between 4-5 awards in response to this foa. award budget award budgets are composed of salary and other program-related expenses, as described below. award project period the total project period may not exceed 5 years. other award budget information salary nih will contribute up to $90,000 plus fringe benefits per year toward the salary of the career award recipient. the total salary requested must be based on a full-time staff appointment. the salary must be consistent both with the established salary structure at the institution and with salaries actually provided by the institution from its own funds to other staff members of equivalent qualifications, rank, and responsibilities in the department concerned. the sponsoring institution may supplement the nih salary contribution up to a level that is consistent with the institution's salary scale. however, supplementation may not be from federal funds unless specifically authorized by the federal program from which such funds are derived. in no case may phs funds be used for salary supplementation. institutional supplementation of salary must not require extra duties or responsibilities that would interfere with the purpose of the career award. other program-related expenses nih will contribute up to $60,000 per year toward the research development costs of the award recipient, which must be justified and consistent with the stage of development of the candidate and the proportion of time to be spent in research or career development activities. salary for mentors, secretarial and administrative assistants, etc. is not allowed. indirect costs indirect costs (also known as facilities & administrative [f&a] costs) are reimbursed at 8% of modified total direct costs. nih grant policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AI-14-018,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the nih intends to commit an estimated total of $0.6 million to fund up to 4 awards in fy 2015. award budget application budgets are limited to $225,000 (total costs) per year. south african costs are limited to $175,000 (total costs) per year. application budgets need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. the maximum amount available per application is $225,000 (total costs) per year for a period of up to 5 years; this amount includes the nih intramural investigator's costs attributed to the proposed research project which is limited to $50,000 per year. indirect cost for foreign grantees are limited to 8%. f&a costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct costs limitation; see not-od-05-004 , november 2, 2004. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DA-17-013,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nida intends to fund an estimate of 4 - 5 grant awards, corresponding to a total of $3m for fiscal year 2017. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AI-08-012,section ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this foa will use the nih research project grant (r01) award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts (see sf424 (r&r) application guide ) . it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ) . specifically, a u.s. organization submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs) must use the phs398 modular budget component. u.s. applicants requesting more than $250,000 in annual direct costs and all foreign applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component. 2. funds available the participating organizations niaid and nia intend to commit a total of $2. 8 million dollars in fiscal year 20 09 to fund 5-7 applications. the expected direct cost amounts for individual awards are $200,000-$250,000 per year, with a project duration of up to five years. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HG-20-007,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nhgri intends to commit $9m in fy 2020-2025 to fund 3-5 awards. award budget application budgets are limited to $2m direct costs and must reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the total award period for this foa is 5 years (fy2021-2025). nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-DK-18-013,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards niddk intends to commit $2.5 million per year in fy 2019 to fund 2-5 awards. award budget application budgets are limited to $600,000 per year direct costs. award project period the maximum project period is four years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-HL-14-027,ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nhlbi intends to commit $1,170,000 (total costs) for fiscal year 2014 to fund up to five clinical centers. nhlbi intends to commit an estimated $7,410,000 (total costs) over a 5-year period. award budget clinical center application budgets are limited to $150,000 (direct costs) in the first year and a maximum of $200,000 (direct costs) in each of the subsequent years (years 2-5). budgets should reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DA-13-007,section ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nida intends to commit $3,000,000 in fy 2013 to fund 3-5 awards. award budget budgets for direct costs of up to $500,000 per year may be requested for the r01 project. award project period the maximum period is 3 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HG-12-016,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations, and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. nih intends to fund one award with a total cost not to exceed $2,000,000 for fiscal year 2013. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget individual application budgets should not exceed $2,000,000 total costs in fy13 and $4,000,000 per year for years fy14-fy16 and must reflect actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the total award period requested for this foa may not exceed four years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-CA-14-017,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the nci expects to commit $6 million in fy2015 to fund one dmcc award. award budget applicants may request a budget of up to $4.5 million per year (direct costs) of which $2.5 million must be allocated to the restricted network core fund. application budgets need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period an applicant may request a project period of up to 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HD-16-015,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new renewal revision the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. nichd intends to commit $523,000 in fy2016 to fund three to five awards. award budget application budgets are not limited, but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. grantees are expected to be familiar with and comply with applicable cost policies and the nrsa guidelines ( nih grants policy statement - institutional research training grants ). funds may be used only for those expenses that are directly related to and necessary for the research training and must be expended in conformance with omb cost principles, the nih grants policy statement , and the nrsa regulations, policies, guidelines, and conditions set forth in this document. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. other award budget information stipends, tuition, and fees kirschstein-nrsa awards provide stipends as a subsistence allowance to help defray living expenses during the research training experience. nih will contribute to the combined cost of tuition and fees at the rate in place at the time of award. the most recent stipend, tuition, and fee levels are described on the ruth l. kirschstein national research service award (nrsa) site. visit nih grants policy statement : ruth l. kirschstein national research service awards for more information. trainee travel trainee travel to attend scientific meetings and workshops that the institution determines to be necessary for the individuals research training experience is an allowable trainee expense for predoctoral and postdoctoral trainees. training related expenses nih will provide funds to help defray other research training expenses, such as health insurance, staff salaries, consultant costs, equipment, research supplies, and faculty/staff travel directly related to the research training program. the most recent levels of training related expenses are described on the ruth l. kirschstein national research service award (nrsa) site. visit nih grants policy statement : ruth l. kirschstein national research service awards for more information. indirect costs indirect costs (also known as facilities & administrative [f&a] costs) are reimbursed at 8% of modified total direct costs (exclusive of tuition and fees, consortium costs in excess of $25,000, and expenditures for equipment), rather than on the basis of a negotiated rate agreement. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-OD-21-006,section ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. the orwh and partner components intend to commit an estimated total of $5,000,000 per year. award budget applicants may request no more than $600,000 in direct costs per year. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. other award budget information personnel costs individuals designing, directing, and implementing the career development program may request salary and fringe benefits appropriate for the person months devoted to the program. salaries requested may not exceed the levels commensurate with the institution's policy for similar positions and may not exceed the congressionally mandated cap. if mentoring interactions and other activities with scholars are considered a regular part of an individual's academic duties, then mentoring and other interactions with scholars are non-reimbursable from grant funds. the salaries of administrative and clerical staff should normally be treated as indirect (f&a) costs. direct charging of these costs may be appropriate only if all of the following conditions are met: (1) administrative or clerical services are integral to a project or activity; (2) individuals involved can be specifically identified with the project or activity; (3) such costs are explicitly included in the budget or have the prior written approval of the federal awarding agency; and (4) the costs are not also recovered as indirect costs. when specifically identified and justified, these expenses must be itemized in sections a and b, as appropriate, of the r&r budget. a research director may be appointed to perform day-to-day administration and management of the award. this should be an experienced investigator with skills and qualifications complementing those of the pd/pi. salary and fringe benefits for the research director, if any, up to 1.2 person months may be requested. also, salary and fringe benefits up to 6 person months effort for a program assistant may be requested; the level of effort may be adjusted. if the pd/pi elects to delegate the day-to-day administration and management of the award to a separate research director, then compensation will not be provided for the pd/pi. scholar costs scholars are those individuals who benefit from the proposed activities and experiences involved in the career development program. scholar costs must be justified as specifically required for the proposed career development program and based on institutional policies for salaries paid to individuals in similar positions, regardless of the source of funds. these expenses must be itemized in the proposed budget. salary: bircwh scholars salary and fringe support is intended to offset only that portion of the salary that is devoted to research and career development. each scholar may be provided salary support up to $100,000 direct costs plus fringe benefits plus 8% indirect cost from the nih, , annually. research and career development support: for each bircwh scholar, the budget must include funds for research and career development support in an amount between $25,000 and $50,000. research and career development costs may include the following expenses: (1) tuition and fees related to career development; (2) research expenses, such as supplies, equipment, and technical personnel; (3) travel to training or scientific meetings other than the annual bircwh meeting; (4) statistical services including consultant costs and computer time; and (5) other project infrastructure including relevant secondary data sets. patient care costs such as inpatient bed days or outpatient visits, except for clinical laboratory analyses essential for the scholars' research, will not be supported with k12 funds. at any point in time, there can be no more than three (3) bircwh scholars supported on the grant. other program related expenses travel to an annual bircwh meeting for the pd/pi, research director, and current scholars must be requested in this application. travel to the annual bircwh meeting for scholars should not come from their research support. travel of the pd/pi, program director, or program mentors to scientific meetings other than the annual bircwh meeting will not be supported with k12 funds. shared consultant, equipment, and supply costs, travel for key persons, and other program-related expenses such as guest speaker fees and/or honoraria may be included in the proposed budget. these expenses must be justified as specifically required by the proposed program and must not duplicate items generally available at the applicant institution. with strong justification, a shared resource laboratory may be requested as part of the program, within the total budget. such a resource must be a new entity, not an extension or enhancement of an existing facility. the shared resource laboratory might include scientific services such as, but not limited to, assays, molecular biology or biostatistics. requests for this resource laboratory must be justified in terms of cost-effective enhancement of the research resources that will serve the three bircwh scholars' projects. with strong justification, if a scholar's research can benefit from research collaborations/career development at another bircwh program, or another resource, detailed description, cost estimate, and justification can be included for scientific consideration and review. indirect costs indirect costs (also known as facilities & administrative [f&a] costs) are reimbursed at 8% of modified total direct costs (exclusive of tuition and fees, consortium costs in excess of $25,000, and expenditures for equipment), rather than on the basis of a negotiated rate agreement. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-AG-21-006,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nia intends to commit $5 million in fy 2021 to support up to 3 awards. award budget direct costs should not exceed $1 million per year. award project period the maximum project period is five years nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-RM-14-005,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new resubmission from rfa-rm-13-003 the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the total amount of funds available for this award is approximately $1,000,000 for fy15 contingent upon receiving scientifically meritorious applications. three to five awards are anticipated in fy15. award budget application budgets should not exceed $150,000 direct costs per year in fy15 and fy16 and must reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the total award period for this foa is 2 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DA-07-007,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity announcement (foa) will use the r21 award mechanism. the applicant will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses the modular and non-modular budget formats (see the modular applications and awards section of the nih grants policy statement . specifically, if you are a u.s. organization and are submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs), use the phs398 modular budget component provided in the sf424 (r&r) application package and sf424 (r&r) application guide (see specifically section 5.4, modular budget component, of the application guide). all foreign applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component found in the application package for this foa. see not-od-06-096 , august 23, 2006. 2. funds available because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the institutes and centers (ics) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. n ida intends to commit approximately $3 million dollars in fy2007 to fund 6 - 8 applications. the total project period for an application submitted in response to this funding opportunity may not exceed 3 years. direct costs are limited to $250,000 per year. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. f acilities and administrative (f &a ) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 , november 2, 2004. section
RFA-HD-09-004,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity will use the nih resource-related research project (r24) award mechanism(s). the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses non-modular budget formats described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). 2. funds available the nichd intends to commit approximately $1.9 million in total costs [direct plus facilities and administrative (f & a) costs] in fy 2010 to fund applications in response to this foa. the nichd anticipates funding three to five new and/or renewal (formerly competing continuation) grants in response to this foa. new, resubmission, and renewal applications may be submitted in response to this foa; direct costs are limited to no more than $750,000 per year (plus applicable f&a costs). applicants should request a project period of five years and should request support appropriate to the size and impact of their scientific portfolio and to the goals of their infrastructure program. as a general rule, nichd expects direct cost budget requests for r24 applications to average approximately $17,000 direct costs for each active program researcher who can provide evidence of research activity directly relevant to the dbsb mission in two or more of the following categories: (1) externally funded research grants or contracts in the past three years; (2) publications in peer-reviewed journals during the past three years; and (3) papers in preparation and future
RFA-HG-20-043,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nhgri intends to commit up to $7.5 m total costs in fy21 and up to $15 m total costs per year in fy22- fy25 to fund 7-10 awards. the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. award budget application budgets must reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. in fy21 application budgets are limited to $700,000 direct costs and $1.4m direct costs per year in fy22-fy25. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-HL-13-015,section ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nhlbi intend to fund up to six awards, corresponding to a total of $2 million, for fiscal year 2013. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. the following nih component intends to commit the following amounts in fy 2013: nhlbi: $1,496,000 award budget an applicant may request a project period of up to 3 years and the direct cost amount for each individual award is limited to $248,000 and 8% for facilities and administrative costs in fiscal year 2013. future year amounts are subject to the availability of funds. award project period the expected project period is three years. other award budget information personnel costs personnel costs individuals designing, directing, and implementing the program may request salary and fringe benefits appropriate for the person-months devoted to the program. salaries requested may not exceed the levels commensurate with the institution's policy for similar positions and may not exceed the congressionally mandated cap. limited program-related administrative and clerical salary costs associated distinctly with the program that are not normally provided by the applicant organization may be direct charges to the grant only when they are in accordance with applicable cost principles. when specifically identified and justified, these expenses must be itemized in sections a and b, as appropriate, of the r&r budget. participant costs trainee participant support for travel and per diem while attending the continuing education program will be provided by the grant. other program related expenses nih will provide funds to help defray other research training expenses, such as health insurance, staff salaries, consultant costs, equipment, research supplies, and faculty/staff travel directly related to the research training program. to coordinate among the institutions awarded, awardees under this foa are expected to budget for a meeting at the nhlbi in bethesda, md, prior to the start of the recruitment for summer 2013. this meeting would provide an opportunity for the awardees to meet with the project officer and with each other, and to share the plans for recruitment, training, and evaluation. indirect costs indirect costs (also known as facilities & administrative [f&a] costs) are reimbursed at 8% of modified total direct costs (exclusive of tuition and fees and expenditures for equipment), rather than on the basis of a negotiated rate agreement. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DA-18-016,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nida intends to commit $2 million dollars in fy2018 to fund 3-4 awards. award budget application budgets are limited to $650,000 direct costs and must reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period budget periods are limited to no more than three years for the r61 phase and no more than two years for the r33 phase. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DE-08-001,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity announcement (foa) will use the nih research project grant ( r01) award mechanism. the applicant will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ). specifically, if you are a u.s. organization and are submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs), use the phs398 modular budget component provided in the sf424 (r&r) application package and sf424 (r&r) application guide (see specifically section 5.4, modular budget component, of the application guide). u.s. applicants requesting more than $250,000 in annual direct costs and all foreign applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component found in the application package for this foa. see not-od-06-096 , august 23, 2006. applications from foreign organizations must prepare detailed budgets for all applications (that is, complete the research & related budget component of the sf424 (r&r) application forms not the phs398 modular budget component). see not-od-06-096 . at this time, it is not known if competing renewal (formerly competing continuation ) applications will be accepted and/or if this foa will be reissued. 2. funds available because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the institutes and centers (ics) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. the nidcr intends to commit approximately up to a total cost of t hree million dollars in fiscal year 20 08 to fund three to four applications. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. f&a costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 , november 2, 2004.
RFA-ES-18-014,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa.. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials. need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards niehs intends to fund 1 award, corresponding to a total cost of $2.5 million, for fiscal year 2019. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget application budgets are limited to $1.7 million direct costs per year. award project period the award project period is limited to 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-GM-14-013,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new renewal resubmission of applications submitted to rfa-gm-13-009 revision the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nigms intends to commit $2.4 million in fy 2014. award budget application budgets are limited to $250,000 in direct costs per year. award project period four years nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HL-07-013,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this foa will use the nih research education grant (r25) award mechanism. as an applicant, you will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time concepts. it also uses the non-modular budget format. applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the sf424 research and related (r&r) budget component found in the application package for this foa. research education grant support is renewable. it is recommended that applicants contact the scientific/research contact listed in section vii concerning the submission of a competing renewal (formerly competing continuation ) application. up to two resubmissions (formerly revisions/amendments ) of a previously reviewed research education grant application may be submitted. see not-od-03-041 , may 7, 2003. 2. funds available because the nature and scope of the proposed research education program will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the nhlbi provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. the total project period for an application submitted in response to this funding opportunity may not exceed 5 years. the estimated annual funds (total costs) available for the program is expected to be $750,000 to support up to 8 awards. the actual amount may vary annually, depending on the response to the rfa and availability of funds. up to eight new awards per year are anticipated. the notice of award (noa) will provide facilities and administrative costs based on 8% of total direct costs, exclusive of tuition and fees. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this funding opportunity announcement. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants, if applicable, are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 .
RFA-HL-11-025,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this foa will use the r01 award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts (see sf424 (r&r) application guide ) . it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ) . specifically, a u.s. organization submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs) must use the phs398 modular budget component. u.s. applicants requesting more than $250,000 in annual direct costs and must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component. 2. funds available the nhlbi intends to commit $ 3,875,000 total costs in fy2011, with a total cost commitment of $ 16, 274 ,000 over the 4-year period and anticipates support of up to 5 awards . the nibib intends to commit $ 500,000 total costs in fy2011, with a total cost commitment of $ 2,000,000 over the 4-year period and anticipates support of up to 1 award. budgets for direct costs of up to $500,000 per year for fy2011-2012, and up to $550,000 per year for fy2013-2014, and a project duration of up to 4 years may be requested. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by first tier consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AR-10-010,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this foa will use the nih research grant (r01) award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts (see sf424 (r&r) application guide ) . it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ) . specifically, a u.s. organization submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs) must use the phs398 modular budget component. 2. funds available the niams expects to commit approximately $1.5 million total costs in fy2010 to support a total of four to six new awards combined from the two parallel foas for r01s (rfa-ar-10-010) and r21s ( rfa-ar-10-011 ). under this foa, an application may request a budget for direct costs up to $250,000 per year and project duration for up to four years. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DK-14-016,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niddk intends to commit $2,000,000 to fund up to 5 awards in fiscal year 2015. award budget application budgets must not exceed $450,000 per year in total costs. depending on the actual needs of the clinical center budgets are expected to range from $200,000 to $450,000. award project period the maximum project period is 4 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-MD-15-005,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the nih office of the associate director for data science intends to commit $1 million (total costs) in fy15 to fund approximately 5 awards, contingent upon the number of meritorious applications received and availability of funds. award budget applications may request up to $200,000 in direct costs each year. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the project period may not exceed 5 years. other award budget information personnel costs individuals designing, directing, and implementing the research education program may request salary and fringe benefits appropriate for the person months devoted to the program. salaries requested may not exceed the levels commensurate with the institution's policy for similar positions and may not exceed the congressionally mandated cap. (if mentoring interactions and other activities with participants are considered a regular part of an individual's academic duties, then any costs associated with the mentoring and other interactions with participants are not allowable costs from grant funds). for nih bd2k center faculty visiting the applicant institution for collaborative activities related to curriculum development, the financial/grants management contact listed in section vii, agency contacts, should be consulted regarding allowable costs. participant costs participants may be paid if specifically required for the proposed research education program and sufficiently justified. participant costs must be itemized in the proposed budget allowable participant costs depend on the educational level/career status of the individuals to be selected to participate in the program. while generally not an allowable cost, with strong justification, for short-term bd2k research education experiences held at the nih bd2k center (during the academic year and/or summer), participants in the research education program may receive per diem unless such costs are furnished as part of the registration fee. participants may also receive funds for travel and to defray partial tuition and other education-related expenses for these short-term bd2k research education experiences held at the nih bd2k center. expenses for foreign travel are not allowed. individuals supported by nih training and career development mechanisms (k, t, or f awards) may receive, and indeed are encouraged to receive, educational experiences supported by an r25 program, as participants, but may not receive salary or stipend supplementation from a research education program. because the r25 program is not intended as a substitute for an nrsa institutional training program (e.g., t32), costs to support full-time participants (supported for 40 hours/week for a continuous, 12-month period) are not allowable. other program-related expenses consultant costs, equipment, supplies, travel for key persons, and other program-related expenses may be included in the proposed budget. these expenses must be justified as specifically required by the proposed program and must not duplicate items generally available at the applicant institution. costs of research supplies necessary to conduct and/or attend research educational or curriculum development activities at the applicant and nih bd2k center are allowable. indirect costs indirect costs (also known as facilities & administrative [f&a] costs) are reimbursed at 8% of modified total direct costs (exclusive of tuition and fees and expenditures for equipment), rather than on the basis of a negotiated rate agreement. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-TR-16-021,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards ncats intends to commit up to a total of $4m per year for up to 5 years for one award. funding is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. award budget application needs to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project and are limited to $3 million per year in direct costs. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-TR-21-001,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards ncats intends to commit $4,000,000 in fy 2021 to fund 2 awards. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget application budgets are limited to $750,000 direct costs per year for the ug3 phase and $1,000,000 in direct costs per year for the uh3 phase. application budgets need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the project period is limited to 2 years for the ug3 phase and 4 years for the uh3 phase . the total project period is limited to a maximum of 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-DE-14-004,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the nidcr intends to commit up to $4.5 million total costs to this foa in fiscal year 2014 in order to fund approximately 8 to 10 spoke projects. award budget applicants are encouraged to keep the requested annual direct cost for each project under $400,000. applications requesting annual direct costs of $500,000 or more will not be accepted. award project period 5 years nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-NS-19-040,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new renewal resubmission the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials note: appointed scholars are permitted to obtain research experience in a clinical trial led by a mentor or co-mentor. need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. ninds intends to commit approximately $3.4 million in fy 2021 to fund 1 award. award budget application budgets need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. other award budget information personnel costs individuals responsible for designing, directing, and implementing the career development program may request salary and fringe benefits appropriate for the person-months devoted to the program. salaries requested may not exceed the levels commensurate with the institution's policy for similar positions and may not exceed the congressionally mandated cap. for this foa, ninds will provide up to 4.8 person months (40%) total (combined) effort for the pd/pi(s) and/or other faculty with significant program responsibilities. this award will also provide support for up to 6 person-months effort for administrative support for work directly performed for the cncdp and up to an additional 1.2 person-months of effort for accounting support. funds may be requested for honoraria for advisory committee members who are not also receiving salary support from this grant. funds from this award may not be used for support of scholar mentors, except, if a formalized part of the program, for mentor travel to the cncdp annual retreat. the salaries of administrative and clerical staff should normally be treated as indirect (f&a) costs. direct charging of these costs may be appropriate only if all of the following conditions are met: (1) administrative or clerical services are integral to a project or activity; (2) individuals involved can be specifically identified with the project or activity; (3) such costs are explicitly included in the budget or have the prior written approval of the federal awarding agency; and (4) the costs are not also recovered as indirect costs. when specifically identified and justified, these expenses must be itemized in sections a and b, as appropriate, of the r&r budget. scholar costs scholars are those individuals who benefit from the proposed activities and experiences involved in the career development program. scholar costs must be justified as specifically required for the proposed career development program and based on institutional policies for salaries paid to individuals in similar positions, regardless of the source of funds. these expenses must be itemized in the proposed budget. for this foa, support for salary and fringe may be requested for each scholar to be supported. the maximum allowable salary contribution per scholar is $90,000 per year. the total salary requested for each scholar candidate must be based on a full-time, 12-month staff appointment. it must be consistent both with the established salary structure at the institution and with salaries actually provided by the institution from its own funds to other staff members of equivalent qualifications, rank, and responsibilities in the department concerned. if full-time, 12-month salaries are not currently paid to comparable staff members, the salary proposed must be appropriately related to the existing salary structure. support for up to 18 scholars per year may be requested (a total of 90 scholar-slots per 5 years, based on 30 scholars receiving 3 years of support). other program related expenses $38,000 per year may be requested for each scholar to support research costs. allowable costs include research supplies, equipment necessary for the scholar's research project, technical personnel to assist the scholar in the research project, statistical services (including personnel) for the scholar's research project, and scholar travel to scientific meetings or training sites. these funds include support for travel to, and expected attendance each year at, a cncdp annual retreat. each scholar may use up to $9,000 over a 3-year period (from the $114,000) for tuition, fees, and books related to career development. up to $60,000 per year may be requested to support the cncdp annual retreat. the estimated costs that result in the amount requested should be explicitly described. up to $60,000 total over the 5-year duration of the award may be requested to support site visits by advisory committee members to scholar's institutions. a one-time award of up to $10,000 may be requested for a rigorous evaluation of the program by an external advisory panel. results of this evaluation should be included in the rppr in the year that it occurs. funds may be requested to maintain the existing cncdp website ( http://www.cncdp-k12.org ). indirect costs indirect costs (also known as facilities & administrative [f&a] costs) are reimbursed at 8% of modified total direct costs (exclusive of tuition and fees, consortium costs in excess of $25,000, and expenditures for equipment), rather than on the basis of a negotiated rate agreement. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-DC-08-001,section ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity announcement (foa) will use the nih research project grant ( r01) award mechanism. the applicant will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ). specifically, if you are a u.s. organization and are submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs), use the phs398 modular budget component provided in the sf424 (r&r) application package and sf424 (r&r) application guide (see specifically section 5.4, modular budget component, of the application guide). u.s. applicants requesting more than $250,000 in annual direct costs and all foreign applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component found in the application package for this foa. see not-od-06-096 , august 23, 2006. at this time, it is not known if this foa will be reissued. since the rfa requests longitudinal projects, it is anticipated that at the end of this project period, investigator-initiated competing renewals (formerly competing continuation ) will be encouraged. 2. funds available the nidcd and ahrq intend to commit approximately two million dollars in total costs in fiscal year 2008 to fund 1 2 applications. ahrq may support up to $100,000 towards the funding of a competitive application. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the institutes and centers (ics) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. f&a costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 , november 2, 2004.
RFA-AG-20-004,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new resubmission renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. nia intends to commit $30 million in fy 2020 to fund an estimate of 12-15 awards. future years amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget applications may request a budget of up to $2 million in direct costs per year. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-NS-17-019,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards ninds and partner components intend to commit an estimated total of $5.8m to fund 5 awards. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 3 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-NR-12-006,section ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the phs398 application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards it is anticipated that $2.1 million will be available to support scientifically meritorious applications responding to this p30 and the companion p20 foa constituting the fy2012 ninr centers initiative. award budget depending on the number of meritorious applications, support is anticipated for up to 2-3 p30 centers of excellence. support may be requested for up to 5 years, not to exceed $480,000 total costs (direct plus f&a costs) per year. award project period scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-MH-20-500,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new resubmission the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? required: only accepting applications that propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nimh intends to commit $2.0m (total costs) in fy2021 to fund up to 8 awards. award budget direct costs are limited to $450,000 over the r34 project period, with no more than $225,000 in direct costs allowed in any single year. award project period the total project period for an application submitted in response to this funding opportunity may not exceed 3 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-HL-10-027,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this foa will use the r01 award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts (see sf424 (r&r) application guide ) . it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ) . specifically, a u.s. organization submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs) must use the phs398 modular budget component. u.s. applicants requesting more than $250,000 in annual direct costs and all foreign applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component. 2. funds available the total amount of funding that the nhlbi expects to award through this announcement is $16 million. the anticipated number of awards is up to 10 grants. the maximum allowable direct cost amount for individual awards will be up to $250,000 direct costs per year for no more than four years. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AI-14-006,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niaid intends to commit $2.0m in total costs in fy2015 to fund 4-5 awards. award budget application budgets are limited to $350,000 per year in direct costs. applicants may request up to an additional $150,000 in direct costs per year in any year when nonhuman primate research is proposed and justified. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 4 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-RR-09-006,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity will use the k30 award mechanism(s). the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses non-modular budget formats described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). 2. funds available the total funding that ncrr expects to award through this announcement is $4.8 million for sixteen awards. direct costs will be approximately $275,000 per award. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation, see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. section
RFA-NS-21-027,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials. need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards issuing ic and partner components intend to commit an estimated total of $10,000,000 to fund 15-20 awards. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the maximum project period is 4 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-AA-20-006,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards issuing ic and partner components intend to commit an estimated total of $3 million to fund 6 - 8 awards. award budget application budgets need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. the budgets are limited to $250,000 direct coasts annually award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-AI-18-053,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards issuing ic and partner components intend to commit an estimated total of $2.25 million to fund 3-4 awards. award budget application budgets should be appropriate for the scope of work proposed and may not exceed a maximum of $499,999 per year in direct costs. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-AR-21-002,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. niams intends to commit up to $2.0 million direct costs in fy2021 to fund a maximum of four awards. award budget application budgets are limited to $500,000 direct costs per year. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-TW-08-003,ii. a statement of acceptance of the provisions of terms and conditions of award," as described in that section of the rfa. finally, it is important that both the description (project summary) and the relevant specific aims in the group plan identify clearly all the therapeutic areas and other targets for the entire project. b) associate programs each associate program section should begin with its own title page. the title page should state international cooperative biodiversity groups , the overall project title, and the pi at the top of the page. the associate program leader, the associate program number within the group, and its general field(s) of study should be stated in the lower right hand corner. each of the associate programs should be numbered consecutively (i.e., ap 1, ap 2). use form phs-398 for each associate program, but omit the face page, table of contents, biosketches and checklist for the individual ap. the remaining parts of the phs-398 should be completed as in a normal grant application, detailing the proposed work of the associate program and, where relevant, the interactions with other associate programs within the group. there should be only one checklist included at the end of the entire application. a 10 page limitation applies to each of the individual associate programs research plans (items a-d). it is important to focus attention on the potential impact or significance of the associate program in the 10 page research plan, while providing the essential methodological details and rationale for the approaches chosen. the associate program training plan, if relevant, should also be included within these 10 pages. the literature cited section is not included in this page limitation. c) appendices appendices should not total more than 25 pages exclusive of completed or draft agreements among the group s participating organizations and the list of prior publications for competing renewal applications, should be located at the end of the grant application, and should be listed individually in the table of contents. i. if internal or external advisory groups will be used in addition to those specified in this rfa, list their membership and describe their roles. ii. include in one appendix all letters of support from associate program leaders, government officials, community leaders, as well as a list of documents or actions that will be required to fulfill local institutional and governmental regulations in order to carry out the proposed work.
RFA-CA-19-059,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? required: only accepting applications that propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nci/dctd intends to commit $4 million in fy 2020 to fund one award. award budget application budget needs to reflect the actual needs of the proposed consortium but must not exceed $3,300,000 in direct costs in the first year of the award. award project period a project period of 5 years must be requested. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-AI-13-036,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the phs 398 application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niaid intends to commit $10 million total cost yearly to fund 1 award. award budget budgets for the ureca management and operations should not exceed $3 million total cost yearly and budgets for the leadership and laboratory support combined should not exceed $1.5 million total cost yearly. the remaining $5.5 million total cost yearly should be apportioned between the clinical trials operations and mechanistic studies operations as required for the conduct of clinical trials and mechanistic studies. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period the maximum project period is 7 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DK-11-004,ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new renewal resubmission the oer glossary and the phs398 application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations, and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. niddk intends to commit $2m for 2 awards in fy 2012.. award budget application budgets are limited to $750,000 direct costs. equipment costs and indirect costs on subcontracts are not included in the $750,000 direct cost cap. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-CA-15-008,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new resubmission (applies only to applications originally submitted in response to this foa) the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. the nci intends to fund approximately 30-40 r01 awards, corresponding to a total of up to $15 million, for fiscal year 2016, and an equivalent amount for fy2017. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the total project period may not exceed 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-MH-08-040,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity announcement (foa) will use the nih research project grant ( r01) award mechanism. the applicant will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ). specifically, if you are a u.s. organization and are submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs), which is the direct cost limit in this foa, use the phs398 modular budget component provided in the sf424 (r&r) application package and sf424 (r&r) application guide (see specifically section 5.4, modular budget component, of the application guide). all foreign applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component found in the application package for this foa. see not-od-06-096 , august 23, 2006. 2. funds available because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the institutes and centers (ics) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. the nih has committed $2 million total costs in fy2008 ($6 million over the total project period of three years) to fund applications in response to this foa. the total project period for an application submitted in response to this foa may not exceed three years. five to six awards are anticipated to be funded under this foa, at up to $ 25 0,000 in direct costs per year per award , plus applicable facilities and administrative (f&a) cost s . f&a costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 , november 2, 2004. the gei includes an allocation of fu nds to the intramural research program at the nih, which does not diminish the funds allocated to this foa for extramural applications. the awards to intramural scientists will be limited to the incremental costs required for participation. th ese awards will not include any salary or fringe benefits for federal employees with permanent appointments or any costs related to administrative or facilities support (equivalent to f&a costs). nih grants policies as described in the nih grants polic y statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DK-11-003,section ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new renewal resubmission the oer glossary and the phs398 application guide provide details on these application types. award budget application budgets are limited to $750,000 direct costs, but need to reflect actual needs of the proposed center. within the direct cost cap, up to $150,000 may be requested for the pilot and feasiibility program.. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DK-08-504,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity will use the cooperative agreement u01 award mechanism(s). the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses non-modular budget formats described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). this funding opportunity will use a cooperative agreement award mechanism. in the cooperative agreement mechanism, the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) retains the primary responsibility and dominant role for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project, with nih staff being substantially involved as a partner with the principal investigator, as described under the section vi. 2. administrative requirements , "cooperative agreement terms and conditions of award". p lans beyond the current funding opportunity are indefinite. 2. funds available it is anticipated that the niddk will award $14.0 million per year through the award period of this announcement; it is anticipated that there will be up to 22 awards; the direct cost amount for clinical center awards is not to exceed $620,000 per year and for the coordinating center not to exceed $5.0 million also per year. the estimated amount of funds available for support of 22 projects awarded as a result of this announcement is $ 14.0 million for fiscal year 20 09. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation; see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. section
RFA-CA-13-020,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. for the group of pqs covered by this foa (group c), the nci intends to fund approximately four to six r01 awards per due date, corresponding to a total of up to $2-3 million, for the first submission round (2014) and a similar amount for the second (2015). future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget application budgets are not limited, but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the total project period may not exceed 4 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-MH-17-260,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards issuing ic and partner components intend to commit an estimated total of $2 million to fund 4-6 awards. award budget application budgets are limited to $300,000 in direct costs in any project year, and need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 4 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DE-12-002,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity will use the u19 cooperative agreement award mechanism(s). the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses non-modular budget formats described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). in the cooperative agreement mechanism, the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) retains the primary responsibility and dominant role for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project, with nih staff being substantially involved as a partner with the principal investigator, as described under the section vi. 2. administrative requirements , "cooperative agreement terms and conditions of award". this foa is a one-time solicitation. future unsolicited, competing-continuation applications based on this project will compete with all investigator-initiated applications and will be reviewed according to the customary peer review procedures. the earliest anticipated start date is may 2012. this foa uses just-in-time concepts. 2. funds available applicants may request a project period of up to 7 years. the nidcr intends to commit up to approximately $10 m (total costs) each year of the funding period to support this foa. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a meritorious application. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation; see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. section
RFA-DK-15-508,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niddk intends to commit up to $2 million in fiscal year 2016 to support the continuation of the teen-labs consortium through rfa-dk-15-508 and rfa-dk-15-509. it is expected that 1 award will be made under this foa. one award will be made under the companion rfa-dk-15-509. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-CA-19-018,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new resubmission (only of applications previously submitted to rfa-17-038 ). the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? required: only accepting applications that propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nih intends to fund an estimate of 3-4 awards, corresponding to a total of $3 million, for fiscal year 2019. award budget application budget for the ug3 planning-exploratory phase is limited to $500,000 in direct costs per year. costs of the uh3 implementation phase are limited to $800,000 in direct costs per year. award project period the maximum period of funding for the ug3 planning-exploratory phase is 1 year. the maximum period of funding for the uh3 implementation phase is 4 years. the maximum period of funding for the entire ug3/uh3 award is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-CA-18-002,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new resubmission the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nci intends to fund an estimate of 17 awards, corresponding to a total of $4,200,000, for fiscal year 2019. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget direct costs are limited to $400,000 over a 3-year period, with no more than $200,000 in direct costs allowed in any single year. application budgets must reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the total project period request may not exceed 3 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-HG-05-004,ii. award information 1. mechanism(s) of support this rfa funding opportunity will use the research project (r01), exploratory/developmental grants (r21), and exploratory/developmental/phase ii exploratory/developmental grants (r21/r33) grant mechanisms. applications for the r33 award alone will not be accepted. as an applicant, you will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this funding opportunity uses just-in-time concepts. it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see the research grant application instructions for the phs 398 at http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.doc , part i, section c.4., budget instructions ). specifically, if you are submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less, use the modular budget format described in the phs 398 application instructions. otherwise, follow the instructions for non-modular research grant applications. applicants may request an r01 research project grant if sufficient preliminary data are available to support such an application. applicants requiring support to demonstrate feasibility may apply for either an r21 exploratory/ developmental project or an r21/r33 phased innovation award, which offers single submission and evaluation of both the exploratory (r21) and an expanded development phase (r33) in one application. the r21/r33 should be used when both quantitative milestones for the feasibility demonstration, and an explicit research plan for the follow-on research, can be presented. the transition from the r21 award to the r33 award will be expedited by administrative review. the r21 alone is appropriate when the possible outcomes of the proposed feasibility study are unclear and it is not possible to propose sufficiently clear-cut and quantitative milestones for administrative evaluation, nor would it be possible to describe the r33 phase of the research in sufficient detail to allow adequate initial review. outside of the r21/r33 mechanism, applications to continue research after a successful r21 exploratory/developmental project should be submitted using the r01 grant mechanism. 2. funds available the nhgri intends to commit approximately 2 million dollars in fy 2006 to fund 2-7 new and/or competing continuation grants in response to this rfa. the anticipated start date is september 29, 2006. an applicant may request a project period of up to 3 years for r21 grants with a budget not to exceed $200,000 direct costs per year. the total project period for r21/r33 grants may not exceed 5 years; the r21 may request up to $200,000 direct costs per year with a duration of 1 to 3 years, and the r33 phase may request up to $1.5 million direct costs per year. r01 grant applications may request a project period up to 5 years with direct costs up to $1.5 million per year. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the nhgri provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation; see not-od-05-004 .
RFA-OD-18-005,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new resubmission the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials note: applicants may propose to gain experience in a clinical trial led by a mentor/co-mentor as part of their research career development. need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the awards under this foa will be administered by nih using designated funds from the fda ctp for tobacco regulatory science. fda intends to commit $1 million to support 6-10 awards to this foa and its clinical trial required foa mentored research scientist career development award in tobacco regulatory research (k01 - independent clinical trial not allowed ) and mentored research scientist career development award in tobacco regulatory research (k01 - independent clinical trial required ). awards are contingent upon funds available from the fda and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. award budget award budgets are composed of salary and other program-related expenses, as described below. award project period the total project period may not exceed 5 years. other award budget information salary fda ctp will contribute up to $ 90,000 per year toward the salary of the career award recipient. further guidance on budgeting for career development salaries is provided in the sf424 (r&r) application guide.see also not-od-17-094 the total nih contribution to salary, however, may not exceed the legislatively mandated salary cap. see: http://grants.nih.gov/grants/policy/salcap_summary.htm . the sponsoring institution may supplement the fda salary contribution up to a level that is consistent with the institution's salary scale. however, supplementation may not be from federal funds unless specifically authorized by the federal program from which such funds are derived. in no case may hhs funds be used for salary supplementation. institutional supplementation of salary must not require extra duties or responsibilities that would interfere with the purpose of the career award. other program-related expenses fda ctp will contribute $60,000 per year toward the research development costs of the award recipient, which must be justified and consistent with the stage of development of the candidate and the proportion of time to be spent in research or career development activities. research expenses may include (a) tuition and fees related to career development activities; (b) supplies, equipment and technical personnel; c) travel to research and grantee meetings or training; and (d) statistical services including personnel and computer time. salary for mentors, secretarial and administrative assistants, etc. is not allowed. indirect costs indirect costs (also known as facilities & administrative [f&a] costs) are reimbursed at 8% of modified total direct costs. nih grant policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-AG-17-030,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new resubmission the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the national institute on aging intends to commit approximately $2.4 million in fy 2016 to support 7 to 10 awards. the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations, and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. award budget award budgets are composed of salary and other program-related expenses, as described below, and are limited to $225,000 direct costs in any year. award project period the total project period may not exceed 5 years. other award budget information salary nia will contribute salary up to the legislative limit, see: https://grants.nih.gov/grants/policy/salcap_summary.htm . salary must be within the overall award direct cost limit of $225,000. other program-related expenses nia will contribute $at least $30,000 of the $225,000 limit per year toward the research development costs of the award recipient, which must be justified and consistent with the stage of development of the candidate and the proportion of time to be spent in research or career development activities. salary for mentors, secretarial and administrative assistants, etc. is not allowed. indirect costs indirect costs (also known as facilities & administrative [f&a] costs) are reimbursed at 8% of modified total direct costs. nih grant policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HL-16-012,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the following nih components intend to commit the following amounts: nhlbi intends to commit up to $1,000,000 total costs per year for fiscal years 2016, 2017, 2018, 2019, and 2020. nci intends to commit up to $1,000,000 total costs per year for fiscal years 2016, 2017, 2018, 2019, and 2020. niehs intends to commit up to $500,000 total costs per year for fiscal years 2016, 2017, 2018, 2019, and 2020. nichd intends to commit up to $500,000 total costs per year for fiscal years 2016, 2017, 2018, 2019, and 2020. office of strategic coordination (common fund) intends to commit up to $1,200,000 for fiscal years 2016, 2017, 2018, 2019, and 2020. the bill & melinda gates foundation intends to commit up to $2,000,000 total costs per year for fiscal years 2016, 2017, 2018, 2019, and 2020. 1 award is intended to be funded in total. award budget the applicant may request up to a direct cost limit of $5,075,000 per year for fiscal years 2016, 2017, 2018, 2019, and 2020. award project period the maximum project period is up to 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AI-17-013,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new resubmission of applications submitted to rfa ai-16-038 the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards issuing ic and partner components intend to commit an estimated total of $4.7m to fund 6-9 awards in fy18. award budget application budgets are limited to $500,000 in direct costs per year. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum period of the combined r61 and r33 phases is 5 years, with up to 3 years for the r61 phase and up to 2 years for the r33 phase. applications with a project period less than 5 years are encouraged where feasible. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-NS-13-009,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the phs 398 application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. ninds intends to commit an estimated total of $1,200,000 in fy 2013 for approximately five awards. award budget support may be requested for an average direct cost (excluding consortium facilities and administrative costs) of up to $175,000 per year, with no more than $350,000 direct cost in any given year. award project period support may be requested for up to four years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-CA-20-017,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new resubmission the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nci intends to fund an estimate of 17 awards, corresponding to a total of $4,200,000, for fiscal year 2021. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget direct costs are limited to $400,000 over a 3-year period, with no more than $200,000 in direct costs allowed in any single year. award project period the total project period request may not exceed 3 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-NS-18-007,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new resubmission the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the nih blueprint intends to commit $1m to fund approximately 20 awards. however, the total amount awarded and the number of awards made will depend upon the number, quality, and cost of the applications received. award budget for the f99 phase, award budgets are composed of stipends, tuition and fees, and institutional allowance, as described below. for the k00 phase, award budgets are composed of salaries and fringe benefits, research and career development support, and indirect costs, as described below. award project period for the f99/k00 award, individuals may receive up to 6 years combined support for both phases, which includes up to 2 years in the f99 fellowship phase and up to 4 years in the k00 career development phase. other award budget information stipends allowable costs: f99 phase stipends are provided as a subsistence allowance to help defray living expenses during the research training experience. the stipend level for f99 predoctoral fellows is the same as for the f31 ruth l. kirschstein national research service award (nrsa) fellows. visit nih grants policy statement: ruth l. kirschstein national research service awards for more information. allowable costs: k00 phase nih blueprint will contribute up to $50,000 toward the salary of the career award recipient. the total salary requested must be based on a full-time staff appointment. the salary must be consistent both with the established salary structure at the institution and with salaries actually provided by the institution from its own funds to other staff members of equivalent qualifications, rank, and responsibilities in the department concerned. if full-time, 12-month salaries are not currently paid to comparable staff members, the salary proposed must be appropriately related to the existing salary structure. confirmation of salary may be required prior to the issuance of an award. fringe benefits, based on the sponsoring institution's rate and the percent of effort, are provided in addition to salary. the sponsoring institution may supplement the nih salary contribution up to a level that is consistent with the institution's salary scale. however, supplementation may not be from federal funds unless specifically authorized by the federal program from which such funds are derived. in no case may phs funds be used for salary. tuition and fees allowable costs: f99 phase nih blueprint will contribute to the combined cost of tuition and fees at the rate in place at the time of award, at the same level set for the f31 ruth l. kirschstein national research service award (nrsa) fellowships; visit nih grants policy statement: ruth l. kirschstein national research service awards for more information. tuition and fees are not allowable costs for the k00 phase institutional allowance allowable costs: f99 phase the applicant should request an institutional allowance to help defray the cost of fellowship expenses such as health insurance, research supplies, equipment, books, and travel to scientific meetings. the annual institutional allowance level for the f99 phase is the same as that provided for the f31 ruth l. kirschstein national research service award (nrsa) awards, plus an additional $1000 to defray the travel costs to attend a mandatory nih neuroscience blueprint-sponsored conference. the most recent institutional allowance levels are described via a link on the ruth l. kirschstein national research service award (nrsa) site. requests for additional costs (such as to accommodate the disabilities of a fellow) must be explained in detail and justified in the application. visit nih grants policy statement: ruth l. kirschstein national research service awards . allowable costs: k00 phase nih blueprint will contribute $3,000 per year toward the research development costs of the award recipient, which must be justified and consistent with the stage of development of the candidate and the proportion of time to be spent in research or career development activities, plus an additional $1000 annually to defray the travel costs to attend a mandatory nih neuroscience blueprint-sponsored conference. salary for mentors, secretarial and administrative assistants, etc. is not allowed. indirect costs allowable costs: f99 phase nih does not separately reimburse indirect costs (also known as facilities & administrative [f&a] costs) for fellowships. costs for administering the f99 awards are part of the institutional allowance. allowable costs: k00 phase indirect costs (also known as facilities & administrative [f&a] costs) are reimbursed at 8% of modified total direct costs. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DA-20-016,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nih intends to fund one award, corresponding to a total of $700,000, for fiscal year 2020. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget applicants may request $550,000 in direct costs. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-RM-21-026,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials. need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nih intends to fund an estimate of 5-7 awards, corresponding to a total of approximately $12m for fiscal year 2022, $13.5m for fiscal year 2023, $15m for fiscal year 2024 and $3m for fiscal year 2025. the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 4 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-CA-19-007,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new renewal for awards made under rfa-ca-15-501 . the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? required: only accepting applications that propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nci intends to commit $19,450,000 in fy 2020 to fund up to approximately 10 awards. award budget application budget requests are limited to $1,250,000 (direct costs) per year. award project period project period of 6 years should be requested nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-GM-10-007,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity will use the u01 cooperative agreement award mechanism(s). the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will have the primary responsibility for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. the u01 mechanism should be used regardless of the number of investigators. subprojects should not be designated. the project should be presented in a single integrated research plan as described under section iv.6. other submission requirements and information . however, the various specific aims may be the primary responsibility of different investigators. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses non-modular budget formats described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). this funding opportunity will use a cooperative agreement award mechanism. in the cooperative agreement mechanism, the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) retains the primary responsibility and dominant role for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project, with nih staff being substantially involved as a partner with the principal investigator, as described under the section vi. 2. administrative requirements , "cooperative agreement terms and conditions of award". projects funded as cooperative agreement projects may be continued beyond the initial award period through application for a grant award in response to any appropriate foa. plans to reissue this foa in the future are indefinite. 2. funds available the national institute of general medical sciences expects to award $5-25 million through this announcement; and anticipates making 5-10 awards. the expected budget range is from $250,000 to $1.5 million direct costs (up to $2.5 million total costs) per year for project periods of 2-5 years (average 3 years). future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation, see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. section
RFA-CA-19-047,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed phase iib competing renewal (phase iib); resubmission of phase iib applications originally submitted to one of the predecessor foas ( rfa-ca-16-008 , rfa-ca-17-024 and rfa-ca-18-011 ) for this foa. the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) sbir/sttr application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. the nci intends to commit $12,000,000 in fy 2020 to fund up to 10 awards. award budget phase iib projects that are covered by nci sbir budget waiver topics, may request budgets up to $2,000,000 total costs for any single year, however, the combined budget requested for the entire project period phase iib projects that are covered by nci sbir budget waiver topics, may request budgets up to $2,000,000 total costs for any single year, however, the combined budget requested for the entire project period must not exceed $4,000,000 total costs. for phase iib projects that do not fall under a waiver topic, budgets must be submitted in accordance with participating ic-specific budget limitations described in the current sbir/sttr program descriptions and research topics of the nih, cdc and fda. applicants are encouraged to discuss the proposed budgets with nci program staff. award project period project periods up to 3 years may be requested. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-NS-20-009,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed revision new (phase i) new (fast-track) resubmission (all phases) renewal (phase ii) the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for the foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nih intends to commit $1m in fy 2020 to fund 2-5 awards, depending on the mix of the different application types (e.g. phase i or phase ii or fast-track). award budget total funding support (direct costs, indirect costs, fee) normally may not exceed $252,131 for phase i awards and $1,680,879 for phase ii awards. nih has received a waiver from sba, as authorized by statute, to exceed these total award amount hard caps for specific topics. the current list of approved topics can be found at https://sbir.nih.gov/funding#omni-sbir . navigate to the program descriptions and research topics document, appendix a or the "sba approved topics list for budget waivers". each participating component may also set their own budget limit (higher or lower than the above) in the limited amount of award section of their respective topics section. applicants are strongly encouraged to contact program officials prior to submitting any application in excess of the hard caps listed above and early in the application planning process. in all cases, applicants should propose a budget that is reasonable and appropriate for completion of the research project. award project period durations up to 2 years for phase i and up to 3 years for phase ii may be requested. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-AT-14-004,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the participating organizations intend to commit approximately $3.0 million (total costs) in fiscal year 2014 with which it is expected that 5 to 7 new grants will be funded across three foas: r01 foa ( rfa-at-14-005 , health services/observational), r01 foa ( rfa-at-14-003 , clinical/interventional), and r34 foa (rfa-at-14-004, pilot/feasibility). nccam expects to fund 3-4 new grants and will commit $2 .0 million in fiscal year 2014. nida expects to fund 1 new grant award and will commit $500,000 in fiscal year 2014. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of meritorious applications. award budget direct costs are limited to $450,000 over an r34 three-year period, with no more than $225,000 in direct costs allowed in any single year. award project period the maximum period is 3 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DK-13-015,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niddk intends to commit $11 million to fund 2-5 awards in fy 2014. award budget application budgets are limited to $600,000 per year in direct costs. this limit is inclusive of any direct and f&a costs associated with consortium or subcontract arrangements. award project period the maximum project period is five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AG-11-005,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity will use the p30 award mechanism(s). the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses non-modular budget formats described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). 2. funds available new applications should request a project period of five years and a budget for direct costs of up to $850,000 per year. renewal applications may request direct costs for all cores (both required and optional), and the other listed functions, i.e., satellites and pilot grants at a level not exceeding the combined direct costs of all funded activities awarded during the final year of the present funding period plus a 3% increase, or $850,000 per year, whichever is larger. the estimated amount of funds available for support of 8-10 projects awarded as a result of this announcement is $ 14 million for fiscal year 20 11 . future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the nia provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation, see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. section
RFA-RM-21-018,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s). need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the nih common fund intends to commit approximately $4 million to support approximately 10 awards in fy 2022. the number of awards is contingent upon availability of funds and receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations and satisfactory progress. award budget awards will be for up to $250,000 in direct costs per year, plus applicable facilities and administrative (f&a) costs. award project period the project period is limited to five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-DK-15-012,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new resubmission revision the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niddk intends to commit $ 6 million in fiscal years 2016 and 2017 to fund 2-4 awards. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the maximum project period is five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AI-11-017,ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the phs398 application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niaid intends to commit an estimated total of $7 million in fy 2011 to fund 1-3 awards.. award budget application budgets are not limited, but need to reflect actual needs of the proposed project. award project period scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum award period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HG-05-013,section ii. award information 1. mechanism(s) of support this funding opportunity will use the k23 award mechanism. as an applicant, you will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this funding opportunity uses the just-in-time budget concepts. it also uses the non-modular budget format described in the phs 398 application instructions (see https://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). a detailed categorical budget for the "initial budget period" and the "entire proposed period of support" is to be submitted with the application. 2. funds available the participating ics have allotted approximately one million dollars for these awards. the anticipated number of awards is between four and six. the expected amount for individual awards may vary between$150,000 and $230,000. the anticipated start date is in march 2006 and the period of performance for new awards is five years. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation, see https://grants.nih.gov/grants/guide/notice-files/not-od-05-004.html .
RFA-AI-19-010,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards niaid intends to commit $3 million in fy 2020 to fund 1 award. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 7 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-AI-19-025,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nih intends to commit up to $8.3 million in fy 2020 to fund the research projects covered within the u.s.-south africa program for collaborative biomedical research - phase 2. for this specific foa, niaid intends to commit up to $1.0 million to fund 3-4 awards in fy 2020. award budget application budgets are limited to $250,000 in total costs. the nih irp investigator's costs will not be included in the award issued to the recipient. indirect costs for foreign grantees are limited to 8% of modified total direct costs. f&a costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. applicant organizations are reminded that facilities and administrative (f&a) or "indirect costs" are allowable for only the allowable extramural costs of the project. f&a will not be paid for any nih irp costs or services. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-DK-13-010,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niddk intends to commit $6.5m (total cost) for up to 20 awards in fiscal year 2014. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget application budgets are expected to average, but are not limited to, $200,000 in direct costs per year, depending on the actual needs of clinical center. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-NR-13-010,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed revision the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards ninr intends to commit $300,000 in fy 2014 to fund 5-6 awards in fy 2014. the number of awards is contingent on nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. award budget application budgets are limited to two trainees per revision application. grantees are expected to be familiar with and comply with applicable cost policies and the nrsa guidelines ( nih grants policy statement - institutional research training grants ). funds may be used only for those expenses that are directly related to and necessary for the research training and must be expended in conformance with omb cost principles, the nih grants policy statement , and the nrsa regulations, policies, guidelines, and conditions set forth in this document. award project period at the time of submission, the applicant organization must have an active, ninr-funded t32 with at least two (2) years remaining from the expected start date. eligible institutions that have not previously submitted revision applications are especially encouraged. the star program allows for a minimum of two years of support to a maximum of four years of support; however, the project must be no longer than the end of the project period available for the parent t32, which should have a minimum of two years left on the project period. other award budget information stipends, tuition, and fees kirschstein-nrsa awards provide stipends as a subsistence allowance to help defray living expenses during the research training experience. nih will contribute to the combined cost of tuition and fees at the rate in place at the time of award. the most recent stipend, tuition, and fee levels are described on the ruth l. kirschstein national research service award (nrsa) site. visit nih grants policy statement : ruth l. kirschstein national research service awards for more information. trainee travel trainee travel to attend scientific meetings and workshops that the institution determines to be necessary for the individuals research training experience is an allowable trainee expense. ninr understands the value of trainee travel to attend scientific meetings and workshops for the individuals research training experience; ninr's travel cap for trainees is $800. training related expenses nih will provide funds to help defray other research training expenses, such as health insurance, staff salaries, consultant costs, equipment, research supplies, and faculty/staff travel directly related to the research training program. the most recent levels of training related expenses are described on the ruth l. kirschstein national research service award (nrsa) site. visit nih grants policy statement : ruth l. kirschstein national research service awards for more information. indirect costs indirect costs (also known as facilities & administrative [f&a] costs) are reimbursed at 8% of modified total direct costs (exclusive of tuition and fees, consortium costs in excess of $25,000, and expenditures for equipment), rather than on the basis of a negotiated rate agreement. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HD-06-014,section ii. award information 1. mechanism(s) of support this funding opportunity will use the national institutes of health (nih) specialized cooperative research center award (u54) mechanism, an aassistance@ mechanism (rather than an aacquisition@ mechanism) in which substantial nih scientific and/or programmatic involvement with the awardee is anticipated during performance of the activity. this funding opportunity uses the just-in-time budget concepts. it also uses the non-modular budget format described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). a detailed categorical budget for the "initial budget period" and the "entire proposed period of support" is to be submitted with the application. the nih u54 is a cooperative agreement award mechanism. in the cooperative agreement mechanism, the principal investigator retains the primary responsibility and dominant role for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project, with nih staff being substantially involved as a partner with the principal investigator, as described under the section vi. 2. administrative requirements , "cooperative agreement terms and conditions of award . at this time it is not known if the rfa will be reissued after the five year period of funding of the present program. 2. funds available nichd intends to commit approximately $5.9 million in total costs [direct plus facilities and administrative (f & a) costs] dollars in fy 2007 to fund up to three new and/or competing continuation grants in response to this rfa. an applicant may request a project period of up to five years. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the nichd provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. the anticipated start date for the awards is march 1, 2007. the period of performance for new awards is anticipated to be five years. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation see not-od-05-004 .
RFA-DK-19-506,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed revision the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? required: only accepting applications that propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards niddk intends to commit $7,500,000 in fy 2020, $7,500,000 in fy 2021 and $20,000,000 in fy 2022 to fund 1 award. award budget application budget must not exceed $6,750,000 per year in direct costs for years 1 and 2 and $18,000,000 direct costs for year 3. award project period the maximum project period is 3 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-OD-19-028,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new renewal resubmission the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nih, via support from the fda center for tobacco products (ctp), intends to fund up to 8 r01s, corresponding to a total of up to $4 million, for fiscal year 2020. future year amounts will depend on availability of funds. award budget application budgets are limited to $300,000 in direct cost per year. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 3 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-CA-17-030,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new resubmission the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? clinical trials not allowed for due dates on or after january 25, 2018: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nih intends to fund an estimate of 4-5 awards, corresponding to a total of $2,000,000, for fiscal years 2018 and 2019. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the total project period request may not exceed 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DK-18-001,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new renewal resubmission the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards niddk intends to commit $3.6 million in fy 2019 to fund 3 awards and $5.3 million in fy 2020 to fund 4 awards. award budget application budgets are limited to $750,000 direct costs per year, exclusive of any consortium/contractual facilities and administrative (f&a) costs, and need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the project period for an application submitted to this funding opportunity may not exceed five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-CA-11-005,section ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nci intends to commit $5,000,000, for 4-6 awards in fy2011. award budget application budgets are not limited, but need to reflect actual needs of the proposed project. award project period scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-MH-19-149,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new resubmission revision the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards issuing ic and partner components intend to commit an estimated total of $8 m for fy 19 to fund 3-6 awards. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the maximum project period is 3 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-CA-14-005,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new resubmission to this foa or a prior issuance of this foa ( e.g. , rfa-ca-13-003 ) the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nci intends to fund an estimate of 4 awards, corresponding to a total of $800,000, for fiscal year 2015. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget direct costs are limited to $500,000 over a 3-year period, with no more than $200,000 in direct costs allowed in any single year. application budgets must reflect actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the total project period request may not exceed 3 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HD-15-027,ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new renewals from rfa-hd-09-006 the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. nichd intends to commit $1,100,000 in fy 2015 to fund 1 award for the coordinating center (cc). award budget an applicant for the phacs cc may request a budget for total costs of up to $1,100,000 per year. award project period the total project period for an application submitted in response to this foa may not exceed five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AG-20-044,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nia intends to commit $2 million in fy 2020 to fund 4 - 6 awards. award budget applications budgets should not exceed $250,000 per year in direct costs. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-OD-07-001,section ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity announcement (foa) will use the nih small grant (r03) award mechanism. the applicant will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses the modular budget formats (see the modular applications and awards section of the nih grants policy statement ). all applications submitted in response to this foa must use the modular budget format. specifically, if you are submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs), use the phs398 modular budget component provided in the sf424 (r&r) application package and sf424 (r&r) application guide (see specifically section 5.4, modular budget component, of the application guide). competing renewal (formerly competing continuation ) applications will not be accepted. 2. funds available because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the nih provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. a project period of up to two years and a budget for direct costs of up to two $25,000 modules, or $50,000 per year, may be requested (i.e., a maximum of $100,000 over two years in modules of $25,000 each.) applicable facilities and administrative (f&a) costs are allowed. applicants will submit a single r03 grant application following the instructions for modular budgets. if an application is selected for funding, the academic/scientific institution and the community organization will be awarded separate, yet administratively linked, grants. the office of the director, nih, intends to commit approximately $3 million in total costs [direct plus facilities and administrative (f&a) costs] in fy2008 to fund 35 to 40 grants in response to this rfa. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 , november 2, 2004. application budgets should include funds for both investigators (academic and community) to attend a workshop in or near bethesda, maryland toward the end of the first year of the award. section
RFA-HL-20-007,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. nhlbi intends to commit total costs of up to $2,436,000 in fy2020 and up to $3,252,000 in fy2021 through fy2023. these funds are anticipated to fund up to 5 new awards in fy2021. award budget application budgets may not exceed $300,000 direct costs in fy2020 and may not exceed $400,000 in direct costs in fy2021 through fy2023. administrative coordinating center (acc) - an additional $80,000 in direct costs in fy2020 and $100,000 in direct costs in fy2021, fy2022, and fy2023 will be available for one site selected to serve as the acc for the entire program. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 4 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-MD-11-002,ii. objectives the nimhd exploratory coe grant award provides a means through which an institution or consortium of institutions can: 1) integrate and centralize ongoing minority health and health disparities research and related research-based activities into a single interdisciplinary and trans-disciplinary research enterprise; 2) establish novel effective partnerships with organizations and communities for conducting original and innovative cutting-edge research leading to improvements in minority health, the elimination of health disparities, or both; 3) develop, enhance or strengthen existing research training activities that prepare researchers from health disparity populations to conduct meritorious minority health and health disparities research; and 4) establish, enhance or strengthen community engagement/outreach and institutional partnerships for improving minority health and the health of health disparity populations.
RFA-HG-12-010,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations, and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. nih intends to fund an estimate of 3-5 awards, corresponding to a total of $4.2m, for fiscal year 2013. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget individual application budgets should not exceed $1,100,000 total costs per year and must reflect actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the total award period requested for this foa may not exceed four years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AG-21-023,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new resubmission the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nia intends to commit a total of $2.4 millionin fy 2021 to fund approximately 15 awards. award budget application budgets are limited to $100,000 in direct costs per year. award project period the project period is limited to 2 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-HL-20-025,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. nhlbi intends to commit total costs of up to $5,216,000 in fy2020 to fund up to 7 awards . award budget application budgets should reflect actual needs of the proposed project. application budgets must not exceed direct costs of $690,000 per year in fy2020 through fy2024. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the project period is up to 2 years for the ug3 phase and up to 3 years for the uh3 phase. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-DA-16-001,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nida intends to commit $2m in fy 2016 to fund 2-3 awards. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-TW-16-001,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards fic intends to commit $2.16 million in fy 2016 to fund 8 awards. the following nih components intend to commit the following amounts in fy 2016: orwh/the office of research on women's health, minimum of $100,000 per year. award budget applicants may request up to $250,000 per year (direct costs). award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. other award budget information stipends, tuition, and fees awards provide stipends as a subsistence allowance to help defray living expenses during the research training experience and contribute to the combined cost of tuition and fees at u.s. or foreign institutions. trainees may be paid a stipend comparable to their professional experience. individuals designing, directing, and implementing the program may request salary and fringe benefits appropriate for the person months devoted to the program. salaries requested may not exceed the levels commensurate with the institution's policy for similar positions and may not exceed the u.s. congressionally mandated cap. faculty mentors and other collaborating key personnel may receive appropriate compensation for their significant activities on the program, such as recruitment and selection activities, as well as other program-related roles. the administrative, training or teaching responsibilities and time commitment for personnel receiving salary should be thoroughly described. if mentoring interactions and other activities with trainees are considered a regular part of an individual's academic duties, then mentoring and other interactions with scholars are non-reimbursable from grant funds. limited program-related administrative and clerical salary costs associated distinctly with the program that are not normally provided by the applicant organization may be direct charges to the grant only when they are in accordance with applicable cost principles. for institutions covered by 2 cfr 200, subpart-e-cost principles. when specifically identified and justified, these expenses must be itemized in sections a and b, as appropriate, of the r&r budget. trainee travel participant costs trainee travel to attend scientific meetings and workshops that the institution determines to be necessary for the individuals research training experience is an allowable trainee expense. training related expenses and other program related expenses nih will provide funds to help defray other research training expenses, such as health insurance, staff salaries, consultant costs, equipment, research supplies, and faculty/staff travel directly related to the research training program. faculty travel: funds may be requested for round-trip economy airfare on u.s. carriers (to the maximum extent possible) and lodging and per diem for the principal investigator to attend the annual program network meeting, normally in the u.s. these expenses must be justified as specifically required by the proposed program and must not duplicate items generally available at the applicant institution. indirect costs indirect costs (also known as facilities & administrative [f&a] costs) are reimbursed at 8% of modified total direct costs (exclusive of tuition and fees, consortium costs in excess of $25,000, and expenditures for equipment), rather than on the basis of a negotiated rate agreement. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AI-08-004,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity will use the nih multi-project cooperative agreement (u19) award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses non-modular budget formats described in the phs application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). this funding opportunity will use a cooperative award mechanism. in the cooperative agreement mechanism, the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) retains the primary responsibility and dominant role for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project, with nih staff being substantially involved as a partner with the principal investigator, as described under the section vi. 2. administrative requirements , "cooperative agreement terms and conditions of award". at this time, the niaid has not determined whether or how this solicitation will be continued beyond the present foa. 2. funds available niaid intends to commit $10.2 million in total costs for fiscal year 2009 to fund 4-6 new and/or competing renewal grants in response to this foa. budgets for direct costs are expected to range between $1 million and $2 million per year. of the $10.2 million total, approximately $340,000 in direct costs will be available annually in a development awards program fund to support investigators new to the sti field. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation, see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. section
RFA-CA-07-033,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity announcement (foa) will use the nih exploratory/developmental research grant (r21) award mechanism. the applicant will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses the modular budget formats (see the modular applications and awards section of the nih grants policy statement . specifically, if you are submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs), use the phs398 modular budget component provided in the sf424 (r&r) application package and sf424 (r&r) application guide (see specifically section 5.4, modular budget component, of the application guide). all foreign applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component found in the application package for this foa. see not-od-06-096 , august 23, 2006. exploratory/developmental grant support is for new projects only; competing renewal (formerly competing continuation ) applications will not be accepted. up to two resubmissions (formerly revisions/amendments") of a previously reviewed exploratory/developmental grant application may be submitted. see not-od-03-041 , may 7, 2003. 2. funds available because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the institutes and centers (ics) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. an r21 applicant may request a project period of up to 2 years with a combined budget for direct costs of up $275,000 for the 2-year period. for example, the applicant may request $100,000 in the 1st year and $175,000 in the 2nd year. the budget request should be tailored to the needs of the project, with no more than $200,000 in direct costs allowed in any single year. applicants may request direct costs in $25,000 modules, up to the total direct costs limitation of $275,000 for the combined 2-year award period. commensurate f&a costs are allowed. the nci intends to commit approximately 1,500,000 dollars in fy20 08 to fund approximately 5-10 applications. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 , november 2, 2004. section
RFA-DK-16-029,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niddk intends to commit $2,624,000 in fy 2017 to fund 6 awards. award budget application budgets are limited to $293,000 (direct costs) per year. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DA-20-026,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new resubmission the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nida intends to commit $3m in fy 2020 to fund 6 awards. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-MH-15-750,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the nih blueprint intends to commit $750,000 in fy 2015 to fund 1 award. award budget the application budget is limited to $750,000 total costs but should reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period it is expected that the project period will be five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-RR-11-005,section ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new resubmission the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards ncrr intends to commit approximately $1 million in fy 2012 to fund 5-8 new awards. awards issued under this foa are contingent on the availability of funds and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. award budget direct costs are limited to $125,000 per year award project period the maximum period is 3 years nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HL-14-021,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the nhlbi intends to commit $2.37 million in total costs in fy2014 to fund up to eight awards. award budget although the size of award may vary with the scope of the research education program proposed, it is expected that applications will stay within the following budgetary limits: direct costs for each summer institute program can be up to $273,240 for year 1, $316,480 for year 2, $342,240 for year 3, and $319,240 for year 4. award project period the maximum project period is 4 years. other award budget information personnel costs individuals designing, directing, and implementing the research education program may request salary and fringe benefits appropriate for the person months devoted to the program. salaries requested may not exceed the levels commensurate with the institution's policy for similar positions and may not exceed the congressionally mandated cap. (if mentoring interactions and other activities with participants are considered a regular part of an individual's academic duties, then any costs associated with the mentoring and other interactions with participants are not allowable costs from grant funds). participant costs participant (mentee) costs must be justified as specifically required for the execution of the proposed activities of the program. participant costs must be itemized in the research & related budget. participants in the program may receive funds to defray meals, lodging, and travel expenses. expenses for foreign travel are not allowed. tuition is not allowed. applicants should note that potential mentees may not participate in this program if they are currently appointed to some types of institutional research training, career development, and research education awards or if they hold an individual fellowship. applicants should review notice not-od-11-026 to determine requirements for participants/mentees eligible for this program. because the r25 program is not intended as a substitute for an nrsa institutional training program (e.g.,t32), costs to support full-time participants (supported for 40 hours/week for a continuous, 12-month period) are not allowable. other program-related expenses consultant costs, equipment, supplies, travel for key persons, and other program-related expenses may be included in the proposed budget. these expenses must be justified as specifically required by the proposed program and must not duplicate items generally available at the applicant institution. cost to support mentor participation in the program may also be included in the proposed budget. indirect costs indirect costs (also known as facilities & administrative [f&a] costs) are reimbursed at 8% of modified total direct costs (exclusive of tuition and fees and expenditures for equipment), rather than on the basis of a negotiated rate agreement. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DK-15-505,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niddk intends to commit up to $10 million in fiscal year 2016 to support the continuation of the dppos study under rfa-dk-15-503 and rfa-dk-15-505 . it is expected that one award will be made for a biostatistics research center under this foa. up to 21 clinical centers will be awarded under the companion rfa dk-15-503 . award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-ES-15-012,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nih intends to fund one award, corresponding to a total cost of $800,000 for fiscal year 2016. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget budgets are limited to $500,000 direct costs. application budgets need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-NR-16-003,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards ninr intends to commit $1,400,000 in fy 2016 for up to four awards in response to this foa. award budget application budgets are limited to $350,000 in direct costs in any year. award project period the total project period for an application submitted in response to this funding opportunity may not exceed 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AG-15-002,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new renewal resubmission (rfa-ag-13-019 applications only) the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. the nia intends to commit approximately $24 million in fy 2015 to fund 12 grants in response to this foa. award budget new applications may request a budget for direct costs of up to $1 million per year. renewal applications may request direct costs for all cores (both required and optional), and the other listed functions, i.e., projects, satellites, and pilot grants at a level not exceeding the combined direct costs of all funded activities awarded during the final year of the present funding period plus a 3% increase, or $1 million per year, whichever is larger. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-NS-14-008,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the nih blueprint program intends to commit approximately $7,500,000 to fund an estimated 10-15 awards. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period awards may be requested for up to 3 years of support. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HD-17-009,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the nichd and participating institutes intend to commit approximately $25 million total for the first year of funding for this funding opportunity and the companion foa for ace networks (rfa-hd-17-008). the first year of funding will be in either fy2017 or fy2018. approximately 8 to 11 ace awards are anticipated in response to the two foas. award budget applications for an ace center may request up to $1.5 million in direct costs per year (excluding subaward f & a costs). award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AA-20-001,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. niaaa intends to commit $ 7.5 m in fy 2021 to fund up to 5 awards. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget applications may not exceed $1.15 million direct costs per year. award project period applications may request a project period of up to five years nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-DK-11-019,ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards this foa is supported under a special statutory program for type 1 diabetes research. total funding available for this five year program is $15 million in fy 2012 to fund 3-5 applications, contingent on the availability of funds and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. award budget maximum direct costs are $5 million to be used over a project period of up to 5 years. niddk expects that the requested direct costs will range from $1.25 to $5 million based on the scope of the research, plus applicable facilities and administrative costs to be determined at the time of the award. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-NS-19-003,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nih brain and partner components intend to commit an estimated total of $22m in fiscal years 2019, 2020, 2021 to fund up to 5 new awards, each year for this rfa and the companion rfa-ns-19-002 . award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-HL-19-017,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed phase iib competing renewal (phase iib) resubmission (phase iib previously submitted under this foa or rfa-hl-16-009 ) the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) sbir/sttr application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. nhlbi intends to commit total costs of $5,000,000 in fy2019; $10,000,000 in fy2020; $15,000,000 in fy2021; $10,000,000 in fy2022; and $5,000,000 in fy2023 to fund up to five new awards in fy2019, fy2020, and fy2021. award budget the budget requested for the entire project period must not exceed $3,000,000 total costs (direct, indirect, and fee). for any single year of the project period, it is recommended that the budget not exceed $1,000,000 total costs. applicants that intend to request budgets greater than $1,000,000 total costs in any year are strongly encouraged to communicate with the scientific/research contact(s) listed under section vii before applying. in all cases, applicants should propose a budget that is reasonable and appropriate for completion of the research project. award project period the maximum project period is 3 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-CA-12-008,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement. application types allowed new renewal resubmission the oer glossary and the phs398 application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the national cancer institute intends to commit $5.5 million for approximately 8 awards in fy 2013. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget application budgets are not limited, but need to reflect actual needs of the proposed project. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, the size of each award will also vary. award project period the total project period proposed may not exceed 3 years for new applications and 5 years for renewal applications. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-RM-21-008,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. the nih common fund (office of strategic coordination) intends to commit $18m total costs per year to fund up to 6 awards. the awards are contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of sufficiently meritorious applications. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-MH-10-010,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this foa will use the nih research project grant (r01) award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts (see sf424 (r&r) application guide ) . it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ) . specifically, a u.s. organization submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs) must use the phs398 modular budget component. u.s. applicants requesting more than $250,000 in annual direct costs and all foreign applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component. 2. funds available the nimh intends to commit approximately $5,000,000 total costs in fy 2010 to fund 10-15 grants in response to this foa and the companion foa, rfa-mh-10-011 . because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-PM-16-001,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nih intends to commit $21 million in fy 2016 to fund 1 award. future years will depend on annual appropriations. award budget direct costs for year 1 should not exceed $13.3 million. direct costs for each of years 2 through 4 should not exceed $20 million. direct costs for year 5 should not exceed $13.3 million. requests exceeding this guidance should be strongly justified. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DA-15-010,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. nida intends to commit $1 million in fy 2015 to fund up to 2 awards. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the maximum period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-RM-18-032,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. . application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards office of strategic coordination (common fund) intends to commit $0.2m in fy19 (planning year), $4m in fy20, $4m in fy21, and $2m in fy22 to fund 1-3 awards. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period projects cannot exceed four years including the fy19 planning year nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-RM-10-003,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity will use the nih specialized center cooperative agreement (u54) award mechanism(s). the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses non-modular budget formats described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). this funding opportunity will use a cooperative agreement award mechanism. in the cooperative agreement mechanism, the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) retains the primary responsibility and dominant role for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project, with nih staff being substantially involved as a partner with the principal investigator, as described under the section vi. 2. administrative requirements , "cooperative agreement terms and conditions of award". this foa represents a pilot phase. should it be successful, nih intends to encourage a full-scale effort based on the information obtained, contingent on the availability of funds. 2. funds available nih expects to award $12.7m total funds for this foa. nih anticipates making no more than two awards. the expected direct cost amount for individual awards is a maximum of $900,000 in the initial year of the award; $1.65m in each of the two subsequent years. three years of funding may be requested. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation, see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. section
RFA-HL-19-021,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nhlbi intends to commit total costs of up to $,1,600,000 per year in fiscal years 2019 through 2023 to fund 1 award. award budget application budgets may not exceed direct costs of $1,000,000 per year in fiscal years 2019 through 2023. award project period the maximum project period is five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-MH-13-110,section ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nimh intends to commit approximately $5,000,000 in fy 2013 and fy2014 to fund 7-10 new awards in response to this foa in both fy2013 and fy2014. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget an applicant may request a budget for direct costs up to $1.625 million dollars with no more than $400,000 in direct costs for any single year. although requested as direct costs, consortium f&a does not count toward the direct cost cap. award project period the total project period for an application submitted in response to this foa may not exceed five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AA-16-008,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niaaa intends to commit a combined $2.5 million in fy 2016 to fund 7 - 8 applications in response to this foa and the companion foa, rfa-aa-16-009. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget applications for an r01 award need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. application budgets are limited to $250,000 direct costs annually. award project period the award project period may not exceed 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-RM-16-026,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the nih intends to commit $7m total costs in 2018 to fund 3 awards; one for each type of center. award budget application budgets are limited to $1.6m in direct costs per year (excluding subcontract f&a) and need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 6 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-CA-19-056,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed renewal of previous award under rfa-ca-14-502 . the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? required: only accepting applications that propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nci intends to commit $24 million in fiscal year 2020 to fund one award. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations award budget the application budget needs to reflect the actual needs of the proposed consortium but must not exceed $24 million for year one, with a total 5-year cost not to exceed $114 million. award project period a project period of 5 years must be proposed. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-MH-13-080,section ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the nimh intends to commit approximately $3,000,000 in fy 2013 to fund five to six grants in response to this foa. the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations, and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. award budget application budgets are limited to $400,000 annual direct costs, including consortia and consortia f&a. award project period scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 4 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AG-21-034,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s). need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nia intends to commit $6 million in fy2021 to fund 8-10 awards. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed research should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-HL-21-007,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nhlbi intends to fund one award, corresponding to total costs of up to $547,992 in fiscal year 2021. award budget application budgets must not exceed direct costs of up to $507,400 in fiscal year 2021, $606,400 in fiscal year 2022, $513,800 in fiscal year 2023, and $480,500 in fiscal years 2024 and 2025. the total budget should reflect the actual needs of the overall proposed project. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-AI-19-022,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nih intends to commit up to $8.3 million in fy 2020 to fund the research projects covered within the u.s.-south africa program for collaborative biomedical research - phase 2. for this specific foa, the issuing ic and partner components intend to commit an estimated total of $3.3 million to fund 8-10 awards in fy 2020. award budget application budgets are limited to $350,000 in total costs. indirect costs for foreign grantees are limited to 8% of modified total direct costs. indirect costs for the u.s. component of these applications are their institution's negotiated indirect rate. therefore, the up to $350,000 total cost budget in each application may include direct costs for research, up to 8% in indirect costs for the south african institution, and up to the negotiated indirect rate for the u.s. institution. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-HD-10-005,section ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity will use the ruth l. kirschstein national research service award (nrsa) t32 award mechanism. awards may be made for periods up to 5 years and are renewable. the pd/pi will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed research training program. this funding opportunity announcement (foa) uses the non-modular budget format. follow the instructions for preparing an nrsa institutional research training (t32) application described in section iv , including the phs 398 training budget pages, and the phs 398 sub-award budget attachment(s) form (when applicable). detailed instructions for completion of the application and research training related forms are in the sf424 application guide for nih and other phs agencies , section 8. 2. funds available because the nature and scope of the proposed research training programs will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ics provide support for this program, the total amount awarded and the number of awards will depend upon the number, quality, duration, and costs of the applications received. grantees are expected to be familiar with and comply with applicable cost policies and the nrsa guidelines ( nih grants policy statement - institutional research training grants ). funds may be used only for those expenses that are directly related to and necessary for the research training not otherwise available and must be expended in conformance with omb cost principles, the nih grants policy statement , and the nrsa regulations, policies, guidelines, and conditions set forth in this document. 2.a. allowable costs stipends: stipends are provided as a subsistence allowance for trainees to help defray living expenses during the research training experience and are based on a 12-month appointment period. the stipend is not provided as a condition of employment with either the federal government or the grantee institution nor is it to be considered a payment for services performed. stipends will be based on the annual nih stipend levels at the time of award. stipends may be adjusted only at the time of appointment or reappointment and may not be changed in the middle of an appointment period. for appointments of less than a full year, the stipend will be based on a monthly or daily pro-ration of the annual amount. no departure from the established stipend schedule may be negotiated by the institution with the trainee. for the most recent stipend levels see the ruth l. kirschstein national research service award (nrsa) website. tuition and fees: applicants should request full needs for tuition and fees. the nih ic will apply the appropriate formula by offsetting the combined costs of requested tuition and fees at the rate in place at the time of the award. for postdoctoral trainees, an amount equal to 60% of the level requested by the applicant institution, up to $4,500 per year, will be provided. if the program supports postdoctoral individuals in formal degree-granting training, the amount provided per trainee enrolled in a degree-granting program will be 60% of the level requested up to $16,000 per year. costs associated with this category are allowable only if they are required as part of the approved research training program and are applied consistently to all persons in a similar research training status at the institution regardless of the source of support. tuition at the postdoctoral level is limited to that required for specific courses in support of the approved training program which should be identified in the application. a full description of the nih tuition policy, see not-od-06-093 . trainee travel: trainee travel to attend scientific meetings and workshops that the institution determines to be necessary for the individual s research training experience is an allowable trainee expense. funds may not be expended to cover the costs of travel between the trainees place of residence and the training institution, except that the grantee organization may authorize a one-way travel allowance in an individual case of extreme hardship. amounts for trainee travel are not uniform throughout the nih. trainees must be appointed to this training program at the time of actual travel for this to be an allowable cost. applicants are strongly urged to contact appropriate ic scientific staff listed under section vi i for guidance prior to preparing the application. additionally, support for travel to a research training experience away from the institution may be permitted. research training experiences away from the parent organization must be justified considering the type of opportunities available for training, and how the opportunities differ from and complement those offered at the parent institution, and the relationship of the proposed training experience to the trainees career stage and goals. this type of travel and research training requires prior approval from the nih awarding component, and, if not known at the time of application, may be submitted at any time during the award period. training related expenses, including health insurance (tre): the applicant institution may request the nih standard nrsa training related expenses (fy 2010: $7,850 annually for each postdoctoral trainee) to help defray other research training expenses, such as health insurance (self-only or family, as applicable), staff salaries, consultant costs, equipment, research supplies, and faculty/staff travel directly related to the research training program. health insurance is an allowable expense that may be charged to the training related expenses budget category but only to the extent that the same health insurance fees are charged to non-federally-supported students and postdoctoral individuals (see not-od-06-093 for additional information). funds are provided as a lump sum on the basis of the predetermined amount per predoctoral and postdoctoral trainee approved for support. under exceptional circumstances, which can include accommodating the disabilities of a trainee, it is possible to request training related expenses above the standard level. requests for additional costs must be explained in detail and justified in the application. consultation with nih program staff in advance of such requests is strongly advised (see section vi i ). facilities and administrative (f&a) allowance: grantees, other than state, local, or indian tribal governments, will receive f&a costs at 8 percent of modified total direct costs (exclusive of tuition and fees, health insurance (when still awarded in the tuition and fees category), consortiums in excess of $25,000, and expenditures for equipment) rather than on the basis of a negotiated rate agreement. state, local, and indian tribal government agencies are eligible for full f&a cost reimbursement. for this policy, state universities or hospitals are not considered governmental agencies. stipend supplementation, compensation, and other income: the grantee institution is allowed to provide funds to an individual in addition to the stipends paid by the nih. such additional amounts either may be in the form of augmented stipends (supplementation) or in the form of compensation, such as salary or tuition remission for services such as teaching or serving as a laboratory assistant, provided the conditions described below are met. under no circumstances may the conditions of stipend supplementation or the services provided for compensation interfere with, detract from, or prolong the trainee's approved nrsa training program. supplementation: grantees may supplement stipends from non-federal funds provided the supplementation is without obligation to the trainee. an organization can determine what amount of stipend supplementation, if any, will be provided according to its own formally established policies governing stipend support. these policies must be consistently applied to all individuals in a similar training status regardless of the source of funds. federal funds may not be used for stipend supplementation unless specifically authorized under the terms of the program from which funds are derived. an individual may use federal educational loan funds or va benefits when permitted by those programs. under no circumstances may phs funds be used for supplementation. compensation: funds characterized as compensation may be paid to trainees only when there is an employer-employee relationship, the payments are for services rendered, and the situation otherwise meets all of the conditions and policies in the nih grants policy statement. additionally, compensation must be in accordance with organizational policies consistently applied to both federally and non-federally supported activities and must be supported by acceptable accounting records that reflect the employer-employee relationship. an institution may provide additional funds to a trainee in the form of compensation (as salary and/or tuition remission) for services performed outside of the responsibilities of the full-time nrsa-supported training such as teaching or serving as a research assistant. a trainee may receive compensation for services as a research assistant or in some other position on a federal research grant, including a dhhs research grant. however, compensated services should occur on a limited, part-time basis apart from the normal full-time research training activities. in addition, compensation may not be paid from a research grant that supports the same research that is part of the trainees planned training experience as approved in the institutional training grant application. the training pd/pi must approve all instances of employment on research grants to verify that the circumstances will not detract from or prolong the approved training program. a full description of the nih policy regarding nrsa supplementation and compensation can be found in the nih grants policy statement at: nih grants policy statement - part ii: terms and conditions of nih grant awards . educational loans or g.i. bill: an individual may make use of federal educational loan funds and assistance under the veterans readjustment benefits act (g.i. bill). such funds are not considered supplementation or compensation.
RFA-MH-12-020,section ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the nimh intends to commit approximately $1,500,000 in fy 2012 to fund up to 3 new grants in response to this foa. the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations, and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. award budget application budgets are not limited, but need to reflect actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the total project period for an application submitted in response to this foa may not exceed three years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-RM-18-016,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the nih common fund (office of strategic coordination) intends to commit $7.5m in fy 2018-2020 and $12.0m in fy2021-2022 to fund up to ten awards, contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. award budget application budgets should not exceed $500,000 direct costs per year for the ug3 phase (fy 2018-2020) and $1m for the uh3 phase (fy 2021-2022. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years (fy 2018-fy2022). nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-AG-22-011,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? required: only accepting applications that propose clinical trial(s). need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nia intends to commit $4,500,000 in total costs in fy 2022 to fund 4-6 awards. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 3 years nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-DK-20-021,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards niddk intends to commit $5,000,000 in fy 2021 to fund 11-13 awards. award budget application budgets are limited to $250,000 in direct costs per year [exclusive of third-party facilities and administration (f&a) costs]. award project period the maximum project period is 3 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-AG-21-021,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new resubmission resubmission of applications from currently active nia k76 foas the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? required: only accepting applications that propose an independent clinical trial(s). need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nia intends to commit $2 million in fy 2021, 2022, and 2023 to fund approximately 7 to 10 awards each year for this rfa and its companion noted under the overview section. future year amounts are contingent upon annual appropriations. award budget award budgets are composed of salary and other program-related expenses. award budgets are limited to $225,000 in direct costs in any year. award project period the total project period may not exceed 5 years. other award budget information salary nih will contribute up to the legislative limit per year toward the salary of the career award recipient. further guidance on budgeting for career development salaries is provided in the sf424 (r&r) application guide. salary must be within the overall direct cost limit of $225,000 (see also not-od-17-094). the total nih contribution to salary, however, may not exceed the legislatively mandated salary cap. see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/policy/salcap_summary.htm . other program-related expenses nih will contribute support up to the overall direct cost limit per year toward the research development costs of the award recipient, which must be justified and consistent with the stage of development of the candidate and the proportion of time to be spent in research or career development activities. these funds may be used for the following expenses: (a) tuition and fees related to career development; (b) research-related expenses, such as supplies, equipment and technical personnel; c) travel to research meetings or training; and (d) statistical services including personnel and computer time. salary for mentors, secretarial and administrative assistants, etc. is not allowed. it is expected that awardees will use a portion of their research development funds to cover the costs of traveling to an annual domestic meeting for beeson scholars. indirect costs indirect costs (also known as facilities & administrative [f&a] costs) are reimbursed at 8% of modified total direct costs. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-DE-19-003,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed renewal of rfa-de-14-005 the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the nidcr intends to commit up to $2.5 million total costs in fy 2019 to fund one award. award budget up to $1.9 million in annual direct costs, and must reflect actual needs of the project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-MD-15-007,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nimhd intends to commit $7,000,000 in fy 2016 to fund 3-4 awards. award budget applicant institutions may only request up to $2,000,000 in direct costs. indirect costs will not be provided. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. applicants will receive a warning, which can be ignored, if the project period is 4 or 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HD-08-012,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this foa will use the nih research project grant (r01) award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts (see sf424 (r&r) application guide ) . it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ) . specifically, a u.s. organization submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs) must use the phs398 modular budget component. u.s. applicants requesting more than $250,000 in annual direct costs and all foreign applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component. 2. funds available the participating organization(s) nichd intends to commit approximately $2,000,000 dollars in fiscal year 20 09 to fund 2-4 applications with an expected direct cost of up to $250,000 per year and a project duration of up to four years for individual awards. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DK-18-003,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards niddk intends to commit up to $1.9 million in fy 2019 to fund up to 2 awards. the number of awards is contingent upon availability of funds and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. award budget application budgets are limited to $500,000 direct costs per year. budgets are expected to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 4 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-DK-12-502,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement application types allowed renewal the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the following nih components intend to commit the following amounts in fy 2013 and fy 2014: niddk will commit $19,058,000 in fy 2013 and $15,154,000 in fy2014. nhlbi will commit $4,000,000 in both fy 2013 and fy 2014. sixteen awards will be issued. award budget application budgets are not limited, but need to reflect actual needs of the proposed project according to look ahead study guidelines. award project period the maximum project period is 2 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HL-15-008,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new (phase i, fast-track) renewal (phase ii) resubmission (all phases) the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) sbir/sttr application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the issuing ic and partner components the issuing ic and partner components intend to commit $15,975,000 to fund approximately 19 awards for this foa and the companion foa, rfa-hl-15-017 . for rfa-hl-008 , participating ics intend to fund up to 8 phase i or fast-tracks in fy 2015, up to 3 phase i or fast-tracks in fy 2016, and/or up to 5 phase iis in fy 2017. award budget generally, applications may request up to $225,000 per year for phase i and $750,000 per year for phase ii awards. applicants are strongly encouraged to contact nih scientific/research staff prior to submitting any application in excess of the guidelines. in all cases, applicants should propose a budget that is reasonable and appropriate for completion of the research project. award project period according to statutory guidelines, award periods normally may not exceed 6 months for phase i and 2 years for phase ii. applicants are encouraged to propose a project duration period that is reasonable and appropriate for completion of the research project. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HD-06-103,section ii. award information 1. mechanism(s) of support this funding opportunity will use the nih national research service award (nrsa) institutional training grant (t32) award mechanism. as an applicant, you will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed research training program. this funding opportunity uses the non-modular budget format described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). a detailed categorical budget for the "initial budget period" and the "entire proposed period of support" is to be submitted with the application , following the instructions for preparing an nrsa application 2. funds available applicants may request up to the number of training slots that were approved in the previous competing continuation application summary statement and a project period of up to five years. although the financial plans of the nichd provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this rfa are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. because the nature and scope of the proposed research training programs will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. grantees are expected to be familiar with and comply with applicable costs policies and the nrsa guidelines ( http://grants.nih.gov/grants/policy/nihgps_2003/nihgps_part10.htm ). funds may be used only for those expenses that are directly related and necessary to the research training not otherwise available and must be expended in conformance with omb cost principles, the nih grants policy statement (rev. 12/01/03), and the nrsa regulations, policies, guidelines, and conditions set forth in this document. allowable costs: a. stipends: stipends are provided as a subsistence allowance for trainees to help defray living expenses during the research training experience and are based on a 12-month appointment period. the stipend is not provided as a condition of employment with either the federal government or the grantee institution nor is it to be considered a payment for services performed. stipends will be based on the annual nih stipend levels at the time of award. the fiscal year (fy) 2006 annual stipend level for a predoctoral trainee is $20,772. for postdoctoral trainees, the annual stipend is based on the number of full years of prior relevant postdoctoral experience at the time of the trainees appointment. the fy 2006 range of annual postdoctoral stipend levels is $36,996 to $51,036. stipends may be adjusted only at the time of appointment or reappointment and may not be changed in the middle of an appointment period. for appointments of less than a full year, the stipend will be based on a monthly or daily pro-ration of the annual amount. no departure from the established stipend schedule may be negotiated by the institution with the trainee. (see http://grants2.nih.gov/grants/guide/notice-files/not-od-06-026.html for specific information). b. tuition, fees, and health insurance the nih will offset the combined costs of tuition, fees and health insurance (either self-only or family as appropriate) at the rate in place at the time of the award. the rate currently provides 100% of all costs up to $3,000 and 60% of costs in excess of $3,000 per trainee. costs associated with this category are allowable only if they are required for specific courses as part of the approved research training program and are applied consistently to all persons in a similar research training status at the institution regardless of the source of support. tuition at the postdoctoral level is limited to that required for specific courses in support of the approved training program which should be identified in the application. a full description of the nih tuition policy is in the nih grants policy statement and on the nih website at: http://grants.nih.gov/training/nrsaguidelines/nrsa_toc.htm . c. trainee travel trainee travel to attend scientific meetings and workshops that the institution determines to be necessary for the individuals research training experience is an allowable trainee expense. funds may not be expended to cover the costs of travel between the trainees place of residence and the training institution, except that the grantee organization may authorize a one-way travel allowance in an individual case of extreme hardship. amounts for trainee travel are not uniform throughout the nih. additionally, support for travel to a research training experience away from the institution may be permitted. research training experiences away from the parent organization must be justified considering the type of opportunities available for training, and how the opportunities differ from and complement those offered at the parent institution, and the relationship of the proposed training experience to the trainees career stage and goals. this type of travel and research training requires prior approval from the nih awarding component, and, if not known at the time of application, may be submitted at any time during the award period. d. trainee related expenses (tre) the applicant institution may request the nih standard nrsa training related expenses (fy 2006, $2,200 annually for each predoctoral trainee and $3,850 annually for each postdoctoral trainee) to help defray other research training expenses, such as staff salaries, consultant costs, equipment, research supplies, and faculty/staff travel directly related to the research training program (see http://grants2.nih.gov/grants/guide/notice-files/not-od-06-026.html for additional information). funds are provided as a lump sum on the basis of the predetermined amount per predoctoral and postdoctoral trainee approved for support. under exceptional circumstances, which can include accommodating the disabilities of a trainee, it is possible to request training related expenses above the standard level. requests for additional costs must be explained in detail and justified in the application. consultation with nih program staff in advance of such requests is strongly advised. when short-term training is included in the research training program, the applicant institution may request the proportion of the nih standard annual nrsa training related expenses to help defray other costs of the short-term training experience. since some nih ics do not support short-term research training positions under the t32 or support them on a limited basis only, applicants are urged to contact the appropriate nih ic before requesting short-term research training positions as part of a t32 application. e. facilities and administrative allowance a facilities and administrative allowance based on 8% of modified total direct costs (exclusive of tuition and fees, health insurance, and expenditures for equipment) may be requested. f. stipend supplementation, compensation, and other income the grantee institution is allowed to provide funds to an individual in addition to the stipends paid by the nih. such additional amounts either may be in the form of augmented stipends (supplementation) or in the form of compensation, such as salary or tuition remission for services such as teaching or serving as a laboratory assistant, provided the conditions described below are met. under no circumstances may the conditions of stipend supplementation or the services provided for compensation interfere with, detract from, or prolong the trainee's approved nrsa training program. grantees may supplement stipends from non-federal funds provided the supplementation is without obligation to the trainee. an organization can determine what amount of stipend supplementation, if any, will be provided according to its own formally established policies governing stipend support. these policies must be consistently applied to all individuals in a similar training status regardless of the source of funds. federal funds may not be used for stipend supplementation unless specifically authorized under the terms of the program from which funds are derived. an individual may use federal educational loan funds or va benefits when permitted by those programs. under no circumstances may phs funds be used for supplementation. compensation: funds characterized as compensation may be paid to trainees only when there is an employer-employee relationship, the payments are for services rendered, and the situation otherwise meets all of the conditions and policies in the nih grants policy statement. additionally, compensation must be in accordance with organizational policies consistently applied to both federally and non-federally supported activities and must be supported by acceptable accounting records that reflect the employer-employee relationship. an institution may provide additional funds to a trainee in the form of compensation (as salary and/or tuition remission) for services performed outside of the responsibilities of the full-time nrsa-supported training such as teaching or serving as a research assistant. a trainee may receive compensation for services as a research assistant or in some other position on a federal research grant, including a dhhs research grant. however, compensated services should occur on a limited, part-time basis apart from the normal full-time research training activities. in addition, compensation may not be paid from a research grant that supports the same research that is part of the trainees planned training experience as approved in the institutional training grant application. training program directors must approve all instances of employment on research grants to verify that the circumstances will not detract from or prolong the approved training program. a full description of the nih policy regarding nrsa supplementation and compensation can be found in the nih grants policy statement at: http://grants1.nih.gov/grants/policy/nihgps_2003/nihgps_part11.htm educational loans or g.i. bill: an individual may make use of federal educational loan funds and assistance under the veterans readjustment benefits act (g.i. bill). such funds are not considered supplementation or compensation. postdoctoral trainees in their first and third years of training may also be eligible to participate in the nih extramural loan repayment program. information about this program is available at: http://www.lrp.nih.gov/ . facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation see not-od-05-004 .
RFA-DA-09-008,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this foa will use the national institutes of health (nih) research project grant r01 granting mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts (see sf424 (r&r) application guide ) . it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ) . specifically, a u.s. organization submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs) must use the phs398 modular budget component. u.s. applicants requesting more than $250,000 in annual direct costs and all foreign applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component. 2. funds available in response to this foa, the national institute on drug abuse (nida) anticipates that approximately $3 million in total costs in fy2009 will be awarded to fund 5 to 7 applications for this announcement and its companion rfa-da-09-009 . for this r01 foa, budgets for direct costs must be modular and not exceed a cap of $250,000 per year. project durations of up to five years may be requested. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AI-15-017,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the following nih components intend to commit the following amounts in fy 2016: niaid, $7,900,000 nci, $1,750,000 nichd, $1,800,000 nida, $500,000 nimh, $800,000 niaid, nci, nida, nimh and nichd intend to fund up to 7 iedea regional data centers in fy 2016. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period all applicants may request a project period of up to 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DK-14-013,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niddk intends to commit $4.4 million in fy 2015 to fund up to 4 awards. award budget application budgets are limited to $750,000 direct costs per year. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-CA-10-021,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity will use the u54 cooperative agreement award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses non-modular budget formats described in the phs 398 application instructions (see https://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). this funding opportunity will use a cooperative agreement award mechanism. in the cooperative agreement mechanism, the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) retains the primary responsibility and dominant role for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project, with nci staff being substantially involved as a partner with the principal investigator, as described under the section vi. 2. administrative requirements , "cooperative agreement terms and conditions of award." 2. funds available the nci expects to commit approximately $9.05 million per year to fund up to 9 research centers with programs relevant to nci priorities. the ninds expects to commit up to $1.4 million per year to support fully or co-fund 2-3 research centers with programs relevant to ninds-specific priorities. an applicant for a u54 tmen research center award may request a project period of up to 5 years and a budget (direct costs) not to exceed $700,000/year and $3.5 million per total project period. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, the nci anticipates that the size of each award may also vary. although the financial plans of the nci and ninds provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this foa are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications meeting the programmatic priorities of the nci and ninds. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation; see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. section
RFA-DA-13-002,section ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nida expects to commit approximately $2 million to fund 2-3 awards in fy 2013. award budget $500,000 in direct costs each year for five years, plus standard f&a costs, which will be determined at the time of award. award project period 5 years nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-RM-08-006,section ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity announcement (foa) will use the nih research project grant ( r01) award mechanism. the applicant will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ). specifically, if you are a u.s. organization and are submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs), use the phs398 modular budget component provided in the sf424 (r&r) application package and sf424 (r&r) application guide (see specifically section 5.4, modular budget component, of the application guide). all foreign applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component found in the application package for this foa. see not-od-06-096 , august 23, 2006. at this time, it is not known if this foa will be reissued. 2. funds available because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the institutes and centers (ics) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. through combined roadmap and nhgri funding, approximately $1 million per year for 3 years will be available for applications funded under this f o a. approximately 4 awards will be made from this solicitation. the expected amount of each award is $1 50 ,000 to $250,000 (direct costs), depending upon the number of awards made. an applicant may request a project period of up to 3 years and a budget for direct costs up to $250,000 per year. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. f &a costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 , november 2, 2004.
RFA-AI-12-045,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the phs 398 application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niaid intends to commit $10 million in fy 2014 to fund two (2) to three (3) tbrus. award budget applicants may propose budgets of up to $3.25 million total costs (direct and indirect combined) in fy 2014. award project period 7 years nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AI-19-002,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? required: only accepting applications that propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards issuing niaid and partner components intend to commit an estimated total of up to $35.5m, depending on funds availability, in core funding in fy21 for 4 statistical and data management centers. award budget application budgets for fy21 are limited to the following direct cost amounts, to be disbursed as core funding: sdmc (hiv prevention clinical trials network): $5.5m sdmc (hiv vaccines clinical trials network): $6.5m sdmc (hiv/aids adult therapeutics clinical trials network): $12.5m sdmc (hiv/aids maternal, adolescent and pediatric therapeutics clinical trials network): $3.7m award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 7 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-DK-12-013,section ii. award information funding instrument grant application types allowed new renewal the oer glossary and the sf 424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niddk intends to commit $2,000,000 in total costs [direct plus facilities and administrative (f & a) costs] in fy 2013 to fund up to four new and/or renewal awards. award budget applicants may request up to $600,000 in direct costs per year and need to reflect the scope of the proposed project, considering the applicant's research base and scholar recruitment pool. award project period the total project period for an application submitted in response to this foa may not exceed 5 years. other award budget information personnel costs salary and fringe benefits for a dedicated administrative director, if any, up to 0.6 person months (5% effort) may be requested. this person will be responsible for designing, directing, and implementing the career development program. salary and fringe for the pd/pi is not allowed, unless the pd/pi also serves as the administrative director. salaries requested may not exceed the levels commensurate with the institution's policy for similar positions and may not exceed the congressionally mandated cap. if mentoring interactions and other activities with scholars are considered a regular part of an individual's academic duties, then mentoring and other interactions with scholars are non-reimbursable from grant funds. limited program-related administrative and clerical salary costs associated distinctly with the program that are not normally provided by the applicant organization may be direct charges to the grant only when they are in accordance with applicable cost principles. for institutions covered by omb circular a-21, this type of training program may qualify as a major project where administrative salaries are allowable as a direct cost. when specifically identified and justified, these expenses must be itemized in sections a and b, as appropriate, of the r&r budget. administrative salary costs and other program related expenses may not exceed $65,000 per year. items that may not be supported with k12 funds include: salaries and fringe for program mentors; direct support of the laboratories, salaries, fringe benefits, travel and research projects of the mentors, except those directly attributable to the scholar's project as described below; salary and support for central institutional administrative personnel (e.g. budget officers, grants assistants), who are usually paid from institutional overhead charges; and salary and support for administrative activities such as institutional public relations of health and educational services. participant costs scholars are those individuals who benefit from the proposed activities and experiences involved in the career development program. scholar costs must be justified as specifically required for the proposed career development program and based on institutional policies for salaries paid to individuals in similar positions, regardless of the source of funds. these expenses must be itemized in the proposed budget. niddk will provide total salary support of up to $140,000 per year. this amount includes fringe benefits consistent with the institutional salary scale. scholars are required to devote 9 person-months (75%) of full-time professional effort conducting research and research career development activities. scholars who are urologic surgeons may request between 6 and 9 person-months (50% to 75%) of full-time professional effort conducting research and career development activities. the total salary requested for each scholar must be based on a full-time 12-month staff appointment. it must be consistent with the established salary structure at the institution and with salaries actually provided by the institution from its own funds to other staff members of equivalent qualifications, rank and responsibilities. the institution may supplement the nih salary contribution up to a level consistent with the institution's salary scale, but the supplementation may not be from federal funds unless specifically authorized by the federal program from which such funds are derived. institutional supplementation of salary must not require extra duties or responsibilities that would interfere with the purpose of this program. research and career development support : up to $55,000 per year per scholar may be requested for the following types of expenses: (a) research supplies, equipment and technical personnel; (b) tuition and fees related to didactic courses or career development; and (c) travel to research meetings or training. of the funds requested, $35,000 should specifically be used for support of the candidates' research -related activities to generate preliminary data (pilot projects or other research costs). institutions are encouraged to demonstrate their commitment to the program by contributing additional funds for pilot research projects, where possible. other program related expenses consultant costs, equipment, supplies, and other program-related expenses may be included in the proposed budget. these expenses must be justified as specifically required by the proposed program and must not duplicate items generally available at the applicant institution. minimal costs can be allocated for advertising and recruitment in order to attract the best candidates nationally. some laboratory costs for equipment and supplies may be provided to the mentors, , to offset costs directly attributable to the scholar's project. these costs, together with administrative personnel costs, may not exceed $65,000 per year. travel to the annual urology program directors meeting for the pd/pi, the administrative director and each scholar must be requested and is not included in the $65,000 cap, above. indirect costs indirect costs (also known as facilities & administrative [f&a] costs) are reimbursed at 8% of modified total direct costs (exclusive of tuition and fees and expenditures for equipment), rather than on the basis of a negotiated rate agreement. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-GM-14-001,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new resubmission from rfa-gm-13-001 only the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nigms intends to commit $3.0 million in fy 2014. approximately 8-10 awards are anticipated. award budget although the size of award will vary with the scope of the research proposed, budget requests must not exceed $250,000 (direct cost) per year. award project period scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum award period is 5 years although most awards will be for 4 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AA-18-011,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed resubmission of renewal renewal the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials. need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards niaaa intends to commit $1,250,000 in fy 2018 to fund one award, dependent on the availability of funds. award budget award budget must not exceed $800,000 in direct costs per year. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-RM-08-013,section ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity announcement (foa) will use the dp 1 award mechanism. the applicant will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. applications proposing multiple pis are not allowed. 2. funds available this is a roadmap initiative. the nih common fund has set aside sufficient funds in fy2008 to provide at least 5-10 awards , contingent upon the availability of funds and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. awards will be for $5 00,000 in direct costs each year for five years, plus applicable facilities and administrative costs to be determined at the time of award. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. for this foa, f acilities and administrative (f &a ) costs requested by consortium participants must be included in the total direct costs requested . t he f&a costs for the primary grantee institution will be added at the time of award, and will be based on the grantee institutions current negotiated rate .
RFA-MH-19-240,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new resubmission the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nimh intends to fund up to 10 r21 awards, corresponding to a maximum of $2,000,000, in direct cost for fiscal year 2019. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget direct costs are limited to $275,000 over a two-year project period, with no more than $200,000 in direct costs allowed in any single year. award project period the maximum project period is 2 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-HD-19-018,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nichd intends to commit $1,000,000 in fy 2019 to fund up to 5 new awards and is contingent upon nih appropriations. award budget direct costs are limited to $275,000 over a two-year period, with no more than $200,000 in direct cost in any year. award project period the maximum project period is 2 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-AG-11-007,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this foa will use the r03 award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts (see sf424 (r&r) application guide ) . it also uses the modular budget format (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ) . 2. funds available the national institute on aging intends to commit approximately $1.5 million in fy 2011 to support: 18-20 awards are anticipated; awards will be made for two years. applicants may seek up to $50,000 (direct costs) per year. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of nia provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-MH-16-420,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new resubmission from rfa-mh-15-320 revision the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nimh intends to commit $6.5 million in fy 2016 and $6.5 million in fy 2017 to fund 7-10 awards, per year. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years; however, applicants are strongly encouraged to limit their proposed project period to 3-4 years nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AI-18-001,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards niaid intends to commit $34 m in fy 2019 to fund 1-2 awards. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 7 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-HL-10-015,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this foa will use the research project grant (r01) award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts (see sf424 (r&r) application guide ) . it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ) . specifically, a u.s. organization submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs) must use the phs398 modular budget component. u.s. applicants requesting more than $250,000 in annual direct costs and all foreign applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component. 2. funds available the nhlbi intends to commit approximately $3,450,000 total costs for fy2010 for the nhlbi tb systems biology approach to the mechanisms of tb latency and reactivation program (comprised of the tb systems biology centers and the data coordinating center ). it is anticipated that nhlbi will fund up to four tb systems biology centers at a total cost of $11, 520 ,000 under rfa-hl-10-015, and one data coordin ating center (dcc) at a total cost of $2, 280 ,000 under rfa-hl-10-022 . the total amount to be awarded for the nhlbi tb systems biology approach to the mechanisms of tb latency and reactivation program will be a maximum of $13,800,000 for the four -year project period. direct costs of up to $ 4 80 ,000 per year for a project duration of up to four years may be requested by the tb systems biology centers. the data coordinating center (dcc) for this program, funded by a linked foa ( rfa hl10-022 ) , may request direct costs up to $ 380 ,000 per year for project duration of four years. a pplicants for the data coordinating center must set aside $ 80 ,000/year in direct costs in all years to cover costs for collaborative studies. these studies will require further development by the steering committee , approval by the monitoring board (if appropriate) and the nhlbi program office before being initiated and before funds are released by the dcc. in addition, any projects that include new science will require prior approval of an outside peer review group (scientific advisory committee) indicating that the science is important and meritorious before funds are released by the dcc . see linked rfa-hl-10-022 . because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-GM-11-004,section ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this foa will use the nih research project grant (r01) award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts (see sf424 (r&r) application guide ) . it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ) . specifically, a u.s. organization submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs) must use the phs398 modular budget component. 2. funds available nigms intends to commit approximately $2.4 million dollars (total costs) in fiscal year 2011 to fund 6-8 applications. the total project period for an application submitted in response to this foa may not exceed 4 years. although the size of award will vary with the scope of the research proposed, budget requests may not exceed $250,000 (direct cost) per year. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HL-15-025,ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nhlbi intends to commit $1,200,000 in fy 2015 and $1,440,000 in fy2016 to fund up to 6 awards. award budget the combined budget for direct costs for the two year project period may not exceed $275,000, with no more than $125,000 direct costs in the first year. application budgets need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 2 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AG-16-013,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nia intends to commit $720,000 in fy2016 to fund 2-3 awards. award budget the combined budget for direct costs for the two year project period may not exceed $275,000. no more than $200,000 may be requested in any single year. award project period the maximum project period is 2 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-CA-13-001,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new resubmission only for applications submitted in response to this foa or prior issuance of this foa ( rfa-ca-12-002 ). the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. nci intends to fund approximately 25 awards, corresponding to approximately $5,000,000 in total costs for fiscal year 2014. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget direct costs are limited to $500,000 over a 3-year period, with no more than $200,000 in direct costs allowed in any single year. application budgets must reflect actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the total project period may not exceed 3 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HD-04-010,section ii. award information 1. mechanism(s) of support this funding opportunity will use the nih cooperative clinical research u10 award mechanism(s). as an applicant, you will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. the anticipated award date is april 1, 2006. the nih (u 10 ) is a cooperative agreement award mechanism. in the cooperative agreement mechanism, the principal investigator retains the primary responsibility and dominant role for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project, with nih staff being substantially involved as a partner with the principal investigator, as described under the section vi. 2. administrative requirements , "cooperative agreement terms and conditions of award". 2. funds available the nichd intends to commit approximately $6.4 million in total costs [direct plus facilities and administrative (f & a) costs] in fy 2006 to fund 13 to 16 new and/or competing continuation grants in response to this rfa. an applicant may request a project period of up to five years and a budget for direct costs up to $180,000 per year. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. at this time, it is not known if this rfa will be reissued. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation, see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/guide/notice-files/not-od-05-004.html .
RFA-HL-18-031,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? required: only accepting applications that propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nih intends to commit total funds of up to $28,000,000 in fy 2019 and anticipates issuing up to 15 awards for projects submitted to this foa and the three companion funding opportunities listed in this foa. award budget the total budget (federal award and non-federal matching contributions) should reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. while annual project budgets should reflect the actual costs anticipated in each year, the federal share of this award must not exceed $405,000 in direct costs per year. the recipient is required to provide at least a 1:1 match of the federal funds requested (for direct and indirect/f&a costs) in the form of non-federal contributions. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the requested project award period. the project period for the ug3 phase may not exceed 1 year. the project period for the uh3 phase may not exceed 4 years. the total project period may not exceed 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-CA-17-027,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nih intends to fund one award, corresponding to a total of $4,091,000, for fiscal year 2018. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget the applicant may request a budget of up to $3,600,000 annually in direct costs. award project period the applicant should request support for a project period of 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-MH-20-100,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new resubmission the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? required: only accepting applications that propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nimh intends to commit $1.4m in direct costs in fy2020 to fund 5-6 awards award budget direct costs are limited to $450,000 over the r34 project period, with no more than $225,000 in direct costs allowed in any single year. award project period the total project period for an application submitted in response to this funding opportunity may not exceed three years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-HG-16-006,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nhgri intends to commit $2 million to $3 million in fy 2017 to fund one award. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the maximum project period is four years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-HL-13-025,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the phs 398 application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nhlbi intends to fund one award and commit $24,000,000 total costs over a period of five years. a total cost of $4.8 million will be committed for fy 2013.. award budget application budgets are limited to $4.8 million total costs per year. total costs include direct costs to the primary institution, consortium total costs [direct costs plus facilities and administrative costs (f&a)], and f&a costs to the primary institution. award project period 5 years nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DK-18-017,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new resubmissions of applications previously submitted in response to rfa dk-17-017 will be accepted. the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards niddk intends to commit up to $1,000,000 in fy 2019 to fund up to 3 awards. award budget application budgets are limited to $200,000 direct costs per year. award project period the maximum project period is 3 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-AI-14-016,ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the niaid intends to commit $16.5 million in total costs in fy 2015 to fund one award. award budget application budgets are limited to $16.5 million per year in total costs. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is seven years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-MH-10-040,section ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity will use the nih cooperative agreement (u01) award mechanism. in the cooperative agreement mechanism, the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) retains the primary responsibility and dominant role for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project, with nih staff being substantially involved as a partner with the principal investigator, as described under the section vi. 2. administrative requirements , "cooperative agreement terms and conditions of award. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses the non-modular budget formats described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). 2. funds available nimh expects to commit approximately $6 million in total costs in fiscal year 2010 to fund one or more applications in response to this foa. the total project period and costs for an application submitted in response to this foa may not exceed four years or $6 million total costs per year, which will include facilities & administrative costs by consortium participants . because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the nimh provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-OD-09-001,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity will use the p50 award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses non-modular budget formats described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). 2. funds available the ods and nccam intend to commit up to $9 million in total costs in fy 2010 to fund up to six new and/or renewal applications in response to this foa. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations . an applicant may request a project period of up to five years and a budget in direct costs up to $1.0 million per year. nci will provide $350k to support one r01 level project within one center. the earliest anticipated start date is july 1, 2010. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation; see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. section
RFA-CA-07-046,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this foa will use the nih research project grant ( r01) award mechanism. the applicant will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ). specifically, if you are a u.s. organization and are submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs), use the phs398 modular budget component provided in the sf424 (r&r) application package and sf424 (r&r) application guide (see specifically section 5.4, modular budget component, of the application guide). u.s. applicants requesting more than $250,000 in annual direct costs and all foreign applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related (r&r) budget component found in the application package for this foa. see not-od-06-096 , august 23, 2006. 2. funds available the nci intends to commit approximately $10 million over fiscal years 2007-2011 to fund three to five new grants under this funding opportunity announcement. an applicant can request a project period of up to 5 years. the earliest anticipated award date is december 2007. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the nci provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. f acilities and a dministration (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 , november 2, 2004. section
RFA-GM-11-002,ii. computational, mathematical, and statistical model research one of midass central goals is to develop and improve mathematical, computational, and statistical methods for studying infectious diseases and to develop tools that will assist public health decision makers. applicants should take account of the needs of the public health and research communities in designing and producing models. the following areas should be addressed: conceptual development of models. underlying theories, including assumptions and approaches, strengths and weaknesses, should be clearly explained. applicants should take into account the needs of the communities (i.e., public health, policy and decision making) that will be end users of the products of the research. the projects should also address plans for the dissemination of useful products of the research, including approaches, technologies and tools, to the relevant research and user communities. other potential areas of research include (1) tools for archiving, managing, integrating querying, retrieving, and visualizing model results; (2) analytical and statistical tools for interpreting and using large data sets or model results; and/or (3) platform-independent translational tools for data exchange, interoperability, and exchange of models, tools, and results. computational, mathematical, and statistical research proposed should be future-oriented, fill an area of need or projected need, and exceed the current state of the art. model verification and validation. the applicant must propose steps to verify that methods employed behave as expected, that is, that the software or equations have been reviewed, tested, and documented. validation is an important goal but may or may not be possible, depending on the nature of the model. applicants should explain how they will approach validation of software. successful applicants will be expected to confer with other members of the network to seek consensus on these topics. dissemination. one product of midas research groups may be software tools that are of value to the public health, research, and policy and decision making communities. software tools developed with midas support will be available, where feasible, to researchers, educators, the public health community, and government organizations. software tools should be designed and developed in collaboration with the user community. additional information: organizational structure of midas the midas network has five components: a steering committee, an executive committee, centers of excellence, an information technology resource, and research groups. the steering committee is the main oversight body for midas and makes recommendations to nigms regarding scientific direction, resources, concerns and issues, evaluation, and similar topics. the committee includes representation from user groups such as public health officials, representatives of the research community, and nih scientist administrators with relevant expertise. outside expertise ensures sufficient breadth and balance on the committee. nih scientist administrators will not comprise more than 40% of the voting members of the steering committee. the executive committee coordinates and manages the midas network, including coordination of multi-group projects. it is made up of the principal investigators of grants funded through the midas program and will meet monthly by videoconference or conference call. the research groups are teams of multidisciplinary, collaborating scientists from one or more institutions who have expertise in fields relevant to midas. the research groups will offer to the midas network complementary combinations of two or more competencies in: computational and mathematical methods, the biology of infectious disease systems, social networks and behavior, population dynamics, genetic variation and evolution, and environmental modeling. when there are urgent national needs each midas research group must make a commitment to focus midas research on specific tasks of national importance. also, research groups will participate fully in collaborative network research. the centers of excellence provide national and international leadership in four major thematic areas infectious disease research; computational, statistical, and mathematical research; education and outreach; and public health policy. the information technology resource supports and extends the work of the midas centers of excellence and research groups by (1) collecting, managing, and generating data relevant to the systems the research projects and centers are studying; (2) supporting software development and testing when needed by the midas consortium; (3) providing support for dissemination of information and for outreach, including design and maintenance of a midas web site; and (4) providing logistical support for midas activities. the information technology resource acts in partnership with the midas centers of excellence and research groups. partnerships are expected to be highly interactive and collaborative in defining needs, planning and carrying out projects, and disseminating results and products. where appropriate to address urgent national needs, funded project s will be expected to focus midas research on specific tasks of national importance . in addition, projects will participate fully in collaborative network research as developed by the midas executive committee . the midas network requires a commitment to cooperative interactions that must be addressed in the application. specific domains of interaction can be found in section iv.6. projects funded through midas use existing sequence, genetic, epidemiological, clinical, climate, etc., information to conduct research. they will not generate primary data using midas funding, with the exception of synthesized data. see section
RFA-AG-16-010,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the national institute on aging intends to commit $375,000 in fy 2016 to fund 3-4 awards. award budget application budgets are limited to $125,000 direct costs/year, but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. other award budget information personnel costs individuals designing, directing, and implementing the research education program may request salary and fringe benefits appropriate for the person months devoted to the program. salaries requested may not exceed the levels commensurate with the institution's policy for similar positions and may not exceed the congressionally mandated cap. (if mentoring interactions and other activities with participants are considered a regular part of an individual's academic duties, then any costs associated with the mentoring and other interactions with participants are not allowable costs from grant funds). participant costs participants may be paid if specifically required for the proposed research education program and sufficiently justified. participant costs must be itemized in the proposed budget allowable participant costs depend on the educational level/career status of the individuals to be selected to participate in the program. while generally not an allowable cost, with strong justification, participants in the research education program may receive per diem unless such costs are furnished as part of the registration fee. participants may also receive funds to defray partial tuition and other education-related expenses. expenses for foreign travel must be exceptionally well justified. individuals supported by nih training and career development mechanisms (k, t, or f awards) may receive, and indeed are encouraged to receive, educational experiences supported by an r25 program, as participants, but may not receive salary or stipend supplementation from a research education program. because the r25 program is not intended as a substitute for an nrsa institutional training program (e.g.,t32), costs to support full-time participants (supported for 40 hours/week for a continuous, 12-month period) are not allowable. other program-related expenses consultant costs, equipment, supplies, travel for key persons, and other program-related expenses may be included in the proposed budget. these expenses must be justified as specifically required by the proposed program and must not duplicate items generally available at the applicant institution. indirect costs indirect costs (also known as facilities & administrative [f&a] costs) are reimbursed at 8% of modified total direct costs (exclusive of tuition and fees and expenditures for equipment), rather than on the basis of a negotiated rate agreement. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-MH-16-425,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new resubmission of rfa-mh-15- 340 or rfa-mh-16-425 revision the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nimh intends to commit $4 million in fy 2016 and $4 million in fy 2017 to fund up to 4awards per fiscal year. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the maximum project period is 5 years; however, applicants are strongly encouraged to limit their proposed project period to 3 or 4 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-RM-10-018,ii. renewable protein affinity reagents in addition to traditional monoclonal antibody several other technologies have been used for generating renewable reagents. these include antibody-like molecules, novel protein scaffolds and synthesis of oligomers (e.g., rna and dna aptamers, native or synthesized amino acid polypeptides, and various hybrids of these forms). although some of these technologies may be easily adapted to high throughput production, the integration of these high throughput technologies within a complete pipeline that goes from target selection to the validation of the generated reagents might need to be developed. applicants are not limited to proposing approaches that have been mentioned here and should rely on their own creativity and ideas to accomplish the foa goals. applicants should describe and justify the affinity reagent type(s) that they will use, and the advantages that they could offer. justifications must consider advantages in the context of the entire production pipeline for example, will the underlying reagent technology offer advantages for overall cost? quality? utility? throughput? higher success rates? tunable to specific classes of proteins or epitopes? eases requirements for antigens? eases expensive characterization and validation?
RFA-MD-21-008,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials. need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nimhd intends to commit $4,500,000 in fy 2021 to fund one award. award budget application budgets are limited to $3,000,000 in direct costs annually. award project period the scope of the project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-MH-19-510,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new resubmission revision the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? optional: accepting applications that either propose or do not propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications nih intends to fund an estimate of 5-7 awards, corresponding to a total of $ 6,000,000, for fiscal year 2019 for this and the companion r21 announcement. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-DK-13-020,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new resubmissions of rfa-dk-12-009 the oer glossary and the phs 398 application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niddk intends to commit $3 million in total costs in fy 2014 to fund up to two applications in response to this foa. although the financial plans of the niddk provide support for this program, awards are contingent on the continued availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. award budget the expected award for each center is approximately $1 million direct costs per year. application budgets are not limited but must accurately reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the maximum period of support is 5 years. the scope of the project should determine the project period. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-OD-13-009,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards obssr and participating institutes and centers intend to commit an estimated total of $1.7 million per year for fiscal years 2014-2018. award budget application budgets may not exceed $200,000 in direct costs annually and need to reflect actual needs of the proposed budget. award project period the scope of the propoed project should determine the project period. the maximum project period is 5 years. other award budget information personnel costs individuals designing, directing, and implementing the research education program may request salary and fringe benefits appropriate for the person months devoted to the program. salaries requested may not exceed the levels commensurate with the institution's policy for similar positions and may not exceed the congressionally mandated cap. (if mentoring interactions and other activities with students/participants are considered a regular part of an individual's academic duties, then any costs associated with the mentoring and other interactions with students/participants are not allowable costs from grant funds). personnel costs may not exceed 25% of the total direct costs in any year. consultant costs may not be used to substitute for personnel costs. participant costs participants may be paid if specifically required for the proposed research education program and sufficiently justified. participant costs must be itemized in the proposed budget. allowable participant costs depend on the educational level/career status of the individuals to be selected to participate in the program. while generally not an allowable cost, with strong justification, participants in the research education program may receive per diem unless such costs are furnished as part of the registration fee. participants may also receive funds to defray partial tuition, and other education-related expenses. expenses for foreign travel must be exceptionally well justified. individuals supported by nih training and career development mechanisms (k, t, or f awards) may receive, and indeed are encouraged to receive, educational experiences supported by the r25 mechanism, as participants, but may not receive salary or stipend supplementation from a research education program. because the r25 mechanism is not intended as a substitute for an nrsa institutional training program (t32), costs to support full-time participants (supported for 40 hours/week for a continuous, 12-month period) are not allowable. other program-related expenses consultant costs, equipment, supplies, travel for key persons, and other program-related expenses may be included in the proposed budget. these expenses must be justified as specifically required by the proposed program and must not duplicate items generally available at the applicant institution. indirect costs indirect costs (also known as facilities & administrative [f&a] costs) are reimbursed at 8% of modified total direct costs (exclusive of tuition and fees and expenditures for equipment), rather than on the basis of a negotiated rate agreement. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-RM-10-005,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity will use the u01 award mechanism(s). the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts. it also uses non-modular budget formats described in the phs 398 application instructions (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/phs398.html ). this funding opportunity will use a cooperative agreement award mechanism. in the cooperative agreement mechanism, the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) retains the primary responsibility and dominant role for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project, with nih staff being substantially involved as a partner with the principal investigator, as described under the section vi. 2. administrative requirements , "cooperative agreement terms and conditions of award". this foa represents a pilot phase. should it be successful, nih intends to encourage a full-scale effort based on the information obtained, contingent on the availability of funds. 2. funds available the nih expects to award $2.8m total funds for this foa. the nih anticipates making four awards. the expected direct cost for individual awards is a maximum of $250,000 in each fy2011 and fy2012. two years of funding may be requested. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the receipt of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. facilities and administrative costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation, see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa. section
RFA-NS-18-021,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new resubmission from this foa or rfa-ns-17-005 the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? required: only accepting applications that propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the nih anticipates providing $10m per year to fund an estimated 5 to 7 awards. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the duration of the ug3 phase cannot exceed 4 years and the total duration of the ug3/uh3 phases combined may not exceed 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-MH-09-030,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this funding opportunity announcement (foa) will use the nih research project grant ( r01) award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts (see sf424 (r&r) application guide ). it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ). specifically, a u.s. organization submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs) must use the phs398 modular budget component. u.s. applicants requesting more than $250,000 in annual direct costs and all foreign applicants must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component. 2. funds available the nih blueprint for neuroscience research intends to commit approximately 6 million dollars (total costs) in fiscal year 2009 to fund 10-20 r01 applications in response to this announcement. applicants may request a project period of up to 5 years. the anticipated start date for new awards through this announcement is july 1, 2009. awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. f&a costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 , november 2, 2004. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-AA-10-007,ii. energy homeostasis alcohol consumption interferes with food intake and absorption, mitochondrial energy production, and various metabolic pathways essential for energy homeostasis. although some studies have shown the effects of alcohol on insulin, leptin, ghrelin, neuropeptide y , leptin, and other factors involved in energy regulation, the mechanism underlying alcohol s perturbation of the overall picture of energy homeostasis remains to be understood. thus, the following gaps need to be addressed: alcohols effects on energy homeostasis between liver and brain, especially when liver function is compromised by alcohol induced damage alcohols effects on transport across the blood brain barrier of various substances, such as insulin, that influence energy metabolism alcohols effects on signaling pathways involving amp -activated protein kinase (ampk) and sirtuins, especially in co-morbid conditions such as diabetes and obesity alcohols alteration of the redox state and the effect of such changes on key enzymes or signaling systems, energy metabolism and physiology in remote organs
RFA-RM-14-015,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the nih intends to commit an estimated total of $4 million to fund approximately 6 awards in fy2015. award budget direct costs are limited to a maximum of $500,000 in each year. award project period the maximum project period is 4 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-GM-18-003,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. clinical trial? not allowed: only accepting applications that do not propose clinical trials need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards nigms intends to fund one award, corresponding to a total of $1,500,000 (total costs), for fiscal year 2019. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget application budgets may request up to $880,000 per year in direct costs including up to $250,000 for an independent research program. inflationary adjustments are not allowed. the requested budget should be consistent with the number of pds/pis and the complexity and needs of the proposed program. award project period applications must request five years of support. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-RM-17-029,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards the nih intends to commit $1,000,000 in fy 2018 to fund approximately 3 awards. award budget direct costs are limited to a maximum of $200,000 in each year. award project period the maximum project period is 3 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-NR-10-006,ii. award information 1. mechanism of support this foa will use the r01 award mechanism. the project director/principal investigator (pd/pi) will be solely responsible for planning, directing, and executing the proposed project. this foa uses just-in-time information concepts (see sf424 (r&r) application guide ) . it also uses the modular as well as the non-modular budget formats (see http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/modular/modular.htm ) . specifically, a u.s. organization submitting an application with direct costs in each year of $250,000 or less (excluding consortium facilities and administrative [f&a] costs) must use the phs398 modular budget component. u.s. applicants requesting more than $250,000 in annual direct costs must complete and submit budget requests using the research & related budget component. 2. funds available a total of $1.25 m has been committed to this foa for fy 2010. it is anticipated that 2-3 r01 awards will be funded. applicants may propose a maximum of five years of support and the direct costs cannot exceed $500,000 for any given year on an r01. awards issued under this foa are contingent upon the availability of funds and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. because the nature and scope of the proposed research will vary from application to application, it is anticipated that the size and duration of each award will also vary. although the financial plans of the ic(s) provide support for this program, awards pursuant to this funding opportunity are contingent upon the availability of funds. facilities and administrative (f&a) costs requested by consortium participants are not included in the direct cost limitation. see not-od-05-004 . nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-CA-20-047,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. only those application types listed here are allowed for this foa. clinical trial? required: only accepting applications that propose clinical trial(s) need help determining whether you are doing a clinical trial? funds available and anticipated number of awards the number of awards is contingent upon nih appropriations and the submission of a sufficient number of meritorious applications. nci intends to commit $6.0 million in fy 2021 to fund 4-5 awards. future year amounts will depend on annual appropriations. award budget application budgets are limited to direct costs (dc) of $700,000 per year. if a network coordinating center (ncc) component is proposed, an additional $300,000 dc/year may be included. award project period 5 years nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made from this foa.
RFA-AI-16-019,section ii. award information funding instrument cooperative agreement: a support mechanism used when there will be substantial federal scientific or programmatic involvement. substantial involvement means that, after award, nih scientific or program staff will assist, guide, coordinate, or participate in project activities. see section vi.2 for additional information about the substantial involvement for this foa. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards niaid intends to commit $3.6m in fy 2017 to fund 2-3 awards. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope of the proposed project should determine the project period. the total project period may not exceed 5 years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
RFA-DA-18-002,section ii. award information funding instrument grant: a support mechanism providing money, property, or both to an eligible entity to carry out an approved project or activity. application types allowed new the oer glossary and the sf424 (r&r) application guide provide details on these application types. funds available and anticipated number of awards nida intends to commit $3m in fy 2018, 2019, 2020 to fund 3-4 awards. award budget application budgets are not limited but need to reflect the actual needs of the proposed project. award project period the scope proposed should determine the project period. the maximum project period is five years. nih grants policies as described in the nih grants policy statement will apply to the applications submitted and awards made in response to this foa.
